A troubled and irresponsible man named Nick Wrigley was hacked by some group of criminals who are looking for a bank account code to Nick's boss. The criminals Bill and Harry manage to find his apartment and start beating him for the Internet scam he pulled on them. They tell him they want their money by Christmas or else they will have their enforcer Eliot beat him up. Bill and Harry leave and Nick decides to run away. Nick is leaving the building when Eliot sees him leaving and chases him. Nick manages to escape when he runs to a North Pole stage where kids meet Santa Claus. He steals the costume for Santa Claus and walks to the bus stop in disguise and goes to his brother's house. Meanwhile, the house's mischievous 14-year-old Danny Wrigley welcomes his uncle because he has a better relationship with him than any other person in his family. Danny's father however is less than thrilled to see his older brother, while his wife welcomes Nick. Danny's parents, both doctors, are called into the hospital and reluctantly leave Nick to look after their three children. After receiving a threatening E-Mail from Bill and Harry that they are currently tracking him down to get the money out of him, Nick ends up having to unleash a virus to throw them off his trail. On Christmas Eve, Santa comes to the house with a device that can freeze time, in order to put the family's presents under the tree unnoticed. An object hits the device, time goes back to normal, and Nick hits him unconscious. They decide to deliver Santa's presents. While Nick is delivering the presents, unbeknown to Danny he is stealing from the houses. When Danny finds out that Nick is stealing he feels betrayed and goes back home in Santa's sleigh. Meanwhile, Danny's younger siblings, Kaitlyn and Peter found an unconscious Santa on the floor of their living room. He wakes up and convinces them that he is Santa. They find out that Danny and Nick stole the sleigh and presents and Santa says that Danny will be on the naughty list forever. When Danny comes back he apologizes to Santa, but the sleigh is broken. Nick is sitting at a bus stop when he sees Bill, Harry, and Eliot. They ask him where the address to his brother's house is as they don't recognize him because he is wearing a Santa costume. Nick doesn't answer them and they drive off. Nick realizes a second later they are going to his brother's house, which means that his family is in trouble. Nick, who still has Santa's device, races back to the house and get there just in time. He saves his family from the men using the device to shrink Eliot. This causes Bill, Harry, and Eliot to drive away terrified. Nick returns the device to Santa and then gives Santa his beloved laptop to fix Santa's sleigh and save Christmas. The next morning, Nick wakes up and sees Santa has given him the guitar that he has wanted since childhood, but never got for Christmas because he was on the naughty list.
In 1868, rumors of a sea monster attacking ships in the Pacific Ocean have disrupted shipping lanes. The United States invites Professor Pierre M. Aronnax and his assistant, Conseil, onto a Navy expedition to prove the monster's existence. On board with them is the cocky master harpooner Ned Land. After months of searching, the "monster" is spotted shortly before it rams the warship. Ned and Aronnax are thrown overboard, and Conseil goes in after Aronnax. Now helpless, the frigate drifts away, and no one aboard responds to the overboard passengers. The three find a strange-looking metal vessel, and realize the "monster" is a man-made "submerging boat" that appears deserted. Aronnax finds a large viewport and witnesses an underwater funeral. Ned, Aronnax, and Conseil attempt to leave in their lifeboat, but the submarine crew stops the castaways. The captain introduces himself as Nemo, master of the Nautilus. He returns Ned and Conseil to the deck while offering Aronnax, whom he recognizes for his work, the chance to stay. After Aronnax proves willing to die with his companions, Nemo allows Ned and Conseil to remain. Nemo takes them to the penal colony island of Rura Penthe. Nemo was a prisoner there, as were many of his crew. The prisoners are loading a munitions ship. The Nautilus rams it, destroying its cargo and killing the crew. An anguished Nemo tells Aronnax that his actions have saved thousands from death in war; he also discloses that this "hated nation" tortured his wife and son to death while attempting to force him to reveal the secrets of his work. Ned discovers the coordinates of Nemo's secret island base, Vulcania, and releases messages in bottles, hoping somebody will find them. Off the coast of New Guinea, the Nautilus becomes stranded on a reef. Ned is surprised when Nemo allows him to go ashore with Conseil, ostensibly to collect specimens, while strictly admonishing them to stay on the beach. Ned goes off alone to explore avenues of escape. While drinking from a pool, he sees human skulls on stakes. Ned runs for his life and rejoins Conseil, and they row away, pursued by cannibals. Aboard ship, the cannibals are repelled by electrical charges through its hull. Nemo is furious with Ned for disobeying his orders, confining him to the brig. A warship approaches, firing upon Nautilus, which descends into the depths, where it attracts a giant squid. After a similar electric charge fails to repel the monster, Nemo and his men surface during a storm to dislodge it. Nemo is caught in one of its tentacles. Ned, having escaped from captivity, saves Nemo from drowning. Nemo has a change of heart and claims he wants to make peace with the world. As the Nautilus nears Vulcania, Nemo finds the island surrounded by warships whose marines are converging on his base. As Nemo goes ashore, Ned tries to identify himself as the author of the bottled messages. Aronnax is furious, recognizing that Nemo will destroy all evidence of his discoveries. Nemo enters the base and activates a time bomb, but is mortally wounded on Nautilus's deck from a slug to the back. After navigating the submarine away from Vulcania, Nemo announces he will be "taking the Nautilus down for the last time". The crew declare they will accompany their captain in death. Aronnax, Conseil, and Ned are confined to their cabins. The Nautilus's crew also retreat to their cabins at Nemo's instructions. Ned escapes and manages to surface the Nautilus, hitting a reef in the process and causing the sub to flood. Nemo staggers to his salon viewport, watching his beloved sea as he dies. Aronnax tries retrieving his detailed journal, but the urgency of their escape obliges Ned to knock him unconscious and carry him out. The companions witness Vulcania explode, and Ned apologizes to Aronnax for hitting him. As the Nautilus disappears beneath the waves, Nemo's last words to Aronnax echo: "There is hope for the future. And when the world is ready for a new and better life, all this will someday come to pass, in God's good time".
Rocky, Colt and Tum-Tum are experiencing the pains of growing up prior to a trip to Japan planned with their grandfather Mori Shintaro, who hopes to take them to a martial arts tournament of which he was the victor 50 years ago. Only Tum-Tum seems interested in going, and even then, only out of interest in seeing sumo wrestlers due to how much food they get to eat. He tells the boys he hopes to return a dagger awarded to him at the tournament when he defeated a boy named Koga, so that it may be presented to the incumbent victor. In Japan, a man breaks into a museum and steals a sword before escaping via hang glider. Meanwhile, back at Mori's house, a trio of burglars led by Koga's nephew Glam try to break into the house to steal the dagger. The boys manage to drive them off, counting it as an ordinary robbery attempt. At a baseball game, Rocky seems too focused on a cute girl named Lisa D. Marino to pitch properly. Tum-Tum causes constant breaks due to getting snacks, and Colt's short temper causes a fight with the opposing team that grows so large that the umpire calls off the game until the next week, driving a nail into the boys' plans to travel. Grandpa leaves alone, but the boys' father Sam accidentally gives him Tum-Tum's suitcase by mistake. Once he arrives in Japan, Mori's taxi is rear-ended by Glam and his friends who steal his bag. After hearing from Mori at the hospital, the boys discover their bags had been switched and have the dagger. They arrange a trip with Mori's credit card and meet him in Japan. He instructs the boys to give it to the master of the tournament. Glam and his friends record the conversation and deliver it to Koga, who punishes them for not retrieving the dagger. At the tournament, Colt takes the place of a fallen competitor but is promptly beaten by a girl named Miyo, wounding his pride. She helps them deliver the dagger to the Grand Master, and allows the boys to stay with her and her mother. She has a love of baseball but is not very good. The boys offer to train her in baseball if she teaches them some of her martial arts skill. Koga attempts to trap the boys and retrieve the dagger himself by pretending to be the Grand Master, but the boys and Miyo catch onto his scheme. They face several adversaries before they are finally captured. Meanwhile, Mori is kidnapped from the hospital by Koga's assistant after fleeing Glam and the others. Koga forces Mori to tell him the location of the Cave of Gold; an urban legend which the sword and dagger are the keys to open. Fearing the safety for his grandchildren, Mori agrees to aid Koga. Soon after, the children come up with a plan and escape Koga's compound on hang gliders, arriving at the cave shortly after the adults. Inside, Koga and Mori realize the legend is true after they encounter walls and monuments of gold within. While the two battle each other, the boys and Miyo drop in on them and Koga pulls a gun. Using Mori's lesson on focus, Colt throws a ball bearing into the muzzle of the gun, causing it to backfire and start a cave in. The group flees the cave, and Koga, now realizing the price of his greed, apologizes and leaves the group unharmed. Rocky realizes that they are a day ahead of America and that they can still make it home by the championship game. At the game, the boys overcome their flaws. Down by two in the last inning, one of the opposing team antagonists gets a hit off Rocky's pitch which is almost a home run, until a recent roster add, revealed to be Miyo, catches the ball. In the bottom of the inning, Colt focuses and hits a home run, allowing all three boys to score and win the game. The bullies face them down after the game, and he picks Miyo to assault for ruining his home run. Despite Tum-Tum's warning that "she's just a girl", he screams as she readies to attack him and the screen goes dark as he is beaten up soundly.
A black cat with red stripes has a double life. During the night, he accompanies a burglar named Nico, who makes heists to steal jewels. During the day, he lives with a small girl named Zoé. Zoé has become distant from her mother Jeanne, who works as a police superintendent, and lost her voice since the loss of her father and is looked after by a lady named Claudine. Nico gives Dino a fish-shaped bracelet, which he passes to Zoé. At the police station Jeanne briefs her colleagues to protect the Colossus of Nairobi statue, which cost her husband his life at the hands of the notorious Victor Costa. Victor Costa intends to have another go at the statue, while it is being moved with help from his code-named accomplices, M. Bébé, M. Hulot, M. Grenouille, and M. Patate. Back at home, Jeanne takes interest the fish-shaped bracelet and brings it to her colleague Luca. Luca deduces that the bracelet matches up to the burgled items in Rue Mouffetard. Zoé sneaks out of her house and follows Dino. She spies Victor's lot and finds Claudine is working for Victor and has been gaining insight on police movements. Zoé is spotted, but is rescued by Nico. Nico takes Zoé to hide in the zoo, but Victor's gang pick up her trail. Fortunately Zoé escapes in a boat. Lucas finds a lead on the robberies directly to Nico's residence. When Nico returns to find Zoé at his place he is arrested by Jeanne and Lucas, presumed to have kidnapped Zoé. Jeanne leaves Zoé in Claudine's custody and goes with Lucas to find Victor. Unable to convince Jeanne and Luca of Zoé's predicament, Nico makes his escape to find Zoé. Jeanne is able to confirm that Nico's claim about Zoé is true. Claudine has taken Zoé to Costa's house, where she is locked away. Thanks to Claudine's perfume Dino follows the scent and leads Nico to the house. Nico is able to whisk Zoé away after he cuts the power and dons on his night goggles. Victor and his gang pursue Nico and Zoé to Notre Dame, with a crane nearby. Nico falls while trying to mislead the gang, but is saved by Jeanne, who has just arrived at the scene. As Victor catches Zoé, Jeanne with Nico and Dino come to the rescue. Nico has to save Dino when Victor pushes the cat over the edge, leaving Jeanne to confront Victor. Plucking up her courage, Jeanne saves her daughter and strikes Victor, putting him in a trance. Before Jeanne can help Victor, the gang leader swings from the crane to an imaginary statue and falls to his death into a truck below. The rest of the gang, including Claudine, are arrested and Zoé regains her voice. Nico reforms, gives up thievery and becomes a member of the family, while Dino becomes the household pet. Nico gives to Jeanne a snow globe with the Cathedral of Notre Dame in it as a Christmas present.
The film continues from the events of A Fairly Odd Movie: Grow Up, Timmy Turner! Timmy Turner, his fairies, and Tootie have been traveling around the world, granting wishes for others. A few days before Christmas, Santa Claus and the elves go to check who's naughty and who's nice. However, Santa realizes that with Timmy already granting wishes for others, people have had their names removed from the nice list. Christmas Carol and Dingle Dave, two elves confront Timmy, his fairies, and Tootie and tells them that Santa wants to talk to Timmy. When they get to his workshop, Santa explains that he wants Timmy to stop granting wishes and explains that with great power, comes great responsibility. Just then, an elf tells him that the gift wrapping machine is broken. When Santa wishes for it to be fixed, Timmy decides to grant it. However, since fairy magic does not work in "an elf-made building", the magic instead turns into a blast that causes Santa to fall into the machine; an impact to the head has brain-damaged him as well and causes him to act like the Easter Bunny and other things. As a result of a lack of Christmas spirit, the workshop malfunctions and shuts down. Jorgen Von Strangle arrives and tells Timmy that he must reprise the role of Santa, since it is in the rules that a godchild must take over the role of a holiday icon if the godchild has harmed them to the extent that they cannot do their job. Timmy puts on Santa's hat to reprise his role, and it re-powers the workshop, but only for a brief moment. An elf explains that Timmy cannot be Santa since he is on the naughty list. In addition, Cosmo, Wanda, Poof, and Jorgen cannot do anything about it since Earth's magnetic polarity at the North Pole nullifies fairy magic. The elves explain that to get his name off the naughty list, he must speak to Elmer the Elder Elf. The elves explain that it is a very dangerous path and that he may not make it out alive. Timmy then insists to go alone, since this is his problem, however, Tootie, Timmy's fairies, two elves, and even Mr. Crocker decide to tag along. The journey proves to be difficult, especially when the elves lose the path to Elmer. As they continue, Timmy and Crocker are separated from the others as a result of a snowstorm. Timmy's fairies, the elves, and Tootie come across a penguin, whom Tootie believes knows the way to Elmer. After Tootie manages to communicate with it, the penguin guides them to a bridge that should take them to Elmer. Meanwhile, Timmy and Crocker come across a group of gingerbread men, who are willing to help them. Just then, a starving Crocker bites off the head of one of the gingerbread men, causing them to become angry and go after them. The two of them eventually reach the other five and camp for the night. The following day, they come across the bridge, which is heavily damaged. The fairies help the others over, however, in an attempt to get Crocker over, Timmy falls down. When they think it is the end, an unscathed Timmy gets up using candy canes given to him earlier by Santa. They eventually reach Elmer's place. Upon arriving, Timmy asks Elmer why he is on the naughty list when he has been granting wishes for others. However, Elmer explains that his fairies are the ones granting wishes for others, and that his wishes are causing more bad than good, supported by a series of clips presented by Elmer. Having proven his point, Elmer refuses to take Timmy's name off the naughty list, and leaves. Timmy and the others are upset that they couldn't fix Christmas. However, Crocker opens up to Timmy and explains that he respects him for having the courage to risk his life for Christmas. Elmer overhears this, and surprised that Timmy was able to even warm Crocker's heart, he changes his mind and takes Timmy's name off the naughty list. Timmy and the others then take Elmer's vehicle to get back to the workshop. They realize that without Christmas spirit, The Evil Winter Warlock has covered the whole planet. The elves explain that Timmy has a very small chance of saving Christmas now that Winter Warlock has blocked the path out of the North Pole. Timmy quickly puts on Santa's clothing, restoring power to the workshop, and gives orders to the elves and everyone else to prepare all the gifts. When they are all ready, they encounter one more problem: all of the reindeer are missing. They decide to use the magic van as a substitute. They barely manage to make it through Winter Warlock's Wrath, and give all the presents to everyone. On Christmas Day, Santa returns to normal and realizes that all of the Christmas work is done by Timmy. After Santa gets back into his clothes, they all party. Despite not getting off the naughty list, Crocker gets his first ever Christmas present and Timmy and Tootie kiss under the mistletoe. Poof then flies up to the screen and says his words without a Randy Jackson voice: "God bless us, everyone." Cosmo and Wanda then fly up to the screen. Wanda says "No fairies were harmed in the making of this movie," but Cosmo says he got a paper cut.
Gnorm is just an average gnome, but he wants to impress the lady gnomes by doing something heroic. So he steals the gnomes' magic stones and exposes them to sunlight to recharge them. When he gets to the surface, he witnesses a murder and the killer ends up with his stones. Detective Casey, who was working a sting operation with the murdered man is blamed for botching the sting, and causing the death. Wanting to catch the killer to clear his name, he teams up with Gnorm, whom he accidentally discovers. He is going to need Samantha's help, but she thinks he is a nut. See, no one else knows about Gnorm. He realizes the only way to convince Samantha is to show her his own personal magic stones, if you know what I mean. She thinks they are gross, so he is driven to cut them off. When he does this, they drop to the floor and start to glow. Casey quickly realizes that he has created another set of magic stones. He uses these to track down the other stones, which leads to the final battle. The killer sees him and says, "you've got a pair of balls to come after me." He laughs, knowing he has no balls. They charge each other and start to fire their guns. A flurry of bullets ensues, with each person firing their last bullet towards the groin of each other. The killer is hit and dies almost immediately. Casey thinks he is hit, but realizes that the bullet sailed between his legs. The magic stones are returned and Detective Casey approaches Samantha once again. He asks for a kiss, but is rejected, with Samantha saying he looks "worse than before."
Calvin Fuller is a nerdy young boy living in the Los Angeles suburb of Reseda. The gangly, unsure youth is first seen at a baseball game, standing at bat for his team, the Knights, ready for yet another strike out. Suddenly an earthquake hits; as the others run for safety, the ground opens up under Calvin's shoes and he falls through the chasm. Eventually he lands on the head of a 6th-century black knight. Upon hearing of his miraculous appearance, the elderly King Arthur, seeing him as the savior whose appearance Merlin has predicted, dubs the boy Calvin of Reseda and invites him to dine with the court. Calvin begins his knight training to help Arthur retain his crown. When the earthquake hit, Calvin had just grabbed his knapsack, a fact that enables him to wow the Arthurians with his futuristic "magic", including an introduction to rock and roll via CD player, and a Swiss Army knife. The young wizard also shows them how to make inline rollerskates. His work wins him adulation and renown; but it also rouses the jealousy of Lord Belasco, who will use any means to take over the throne. Meanwhile, Calvin finds himself developing a crush on young Princess Katey. After he helps Arthur keep the crown, he is returned to the 20th century just before the moment when he struck out, and he steps up to the plate: this time, he is ready and hits a home run. He is greeted by his teammates – including a girl who looks like Katey – and is looked on by a spectator who looks like Arthur, who is whittling a piece of wood with a pocketknife – the same knife Calvin gave to King Arthur.
