A troubled and irresponsible man named Nick Wrigley was hacked by some group of criminals who are looking for a bank account code to Nick's boss. The criminals Bill and Harry manage to find his apartment and start beating him for the Internet scam he pulled on them. They tell him they want their money by Christmas or else they will have their enforcer Eliot beat him up. Bill and Harry leave and Nick decides to run away. Nick is leaving the building when Eliot sees him leaving and chases him. Nick manages to escape when he runs to a North Pole stage where kids meet Santa Claus. He steals the costume for Santa Claus and walks to the bus stop in disguise and goes to his brother's house. Meanwhile, the house's mischievous 14-year-old Danny Wrigley welcomes his uncle because he has a better relationship with him than any other person in his family. Danny's father however is less than thrilled to see his older brother, while his wife welcomes Nick. Danny's parents, both doctors, are called into the hospital and reluctantly leave Nick to look after their three children. After receiving a threatening E-Mail from Bill and Harry that they are currently tracking him down to get the money out of him, Nick ends up having to unleash a virus to throw them off his trail. On Christmas Eve, Santa comes to the house with a device that can freeze time, in order to put the family's presents under the tree unnoticed. An object hits the device, time goes back to normal, and Nick hits him unconscious. They decide to deliver Santa's presents. While Nick is delivering the presents, unbeknown to Danny he is stealing from the houses. When Danny finds out that Nick is stealing he feels betrayed and goes back home in Santa's sleigh. Meanwhile, Danny's younger siblings, Kaitlyn and Peter found an unconscious Santa on the floor of their living room. He wakes up and convinces them that he is Santa. They find out that Danny and Nick stole the sleigh and presents and Santa says that Danny will be on the naughty list forever. When Danny comes back he apologizes to Santa, but the sleigh is broken. Nick is sitting at a bus stop when he sees Bill, Harry, and Eliot. They ask him where the address to his brother's house is as they don't recognize him because he is wearing a Santa costume. Nick doesn't answer them and they drive off. Nick realizes a second later they are going to his brother's house, which means that his family is in trouble. Nick, who still has Santa's device, races back to the house and get there just in time. He saves his family from the men using the device to shrink Eliot. This causes Bill, Harry, and Eliot to drive away terrified. Nick returns the device to Santa and then gives Santa his beloved laptop to fix Santa's sleigh and save Christmas. The next morning, Nick wakes up and sees Santa has given him the guitar that he has wanted since childhood, but never got for Christmas because he was on the naughty list.
In 1868, rumors of a sea monster attacking ships in the Pacific Ocean have disrupted shipping lanes. The United States invites Professor Pierre M. Aronnax and his assistant, Conseil, onto a Navy expedition to prove the monster's existence. On board with them is the cocky master harpooner Ned Land. After months of searching, the "monster" is spotted shortly before it rams the warship. Ned and Aronnax are thrown overboard, and Conseil goes in after Aronnax. Now helpless, the frigate drifts away, and no one aboard responds to the overboard passengers. The three find a strange-looking metal vessel, and realize the "monster" is a man-made "submerging boat" that appears deserted. Aronnax finds a large viewport and witnesses an underwater funeral. Ned, Aronnax, and Conseil attempt to leave in their lifeboat, but the submarine crew stops the castaways. The captain introduces himself as Nemo, master of the Nautilus. He returns Ned and Conseil to the deck while offering Aronnax, whom he recognizes for his work, the chance to stay. After Aronnax proves willing to die with his companions, Nemo allows Ned and Conseil to remain. Nemo takes them to the penal colony island of Rura Penthe. Nemo was a prisoner there, as were many of his crew. The prisoners are loading a munitions ship. The Nautilus rams it, destroying its cargo and killing the crew. An anguished Nemo tells Aronnax that his actions have saved thousands from death in war; he also discloses that this "hated nation" tortured his wife and son to death while attempting to force him to reveal the secrets of his work. Ned discovers the coordinates of Nemo's secret island base, Vulcania, and releases messages in bottles, hoping somebody will find them. Off the coast of New Guinea, the Nautilus becomes stranded on a reef. Ned is surprised when Nemo allows him to go ashore with Conseil, ostensibly to collect specimens, while strictly admonishing them to stay on the beach. Ned goes off alone to explore avenues of escape. While drinking from a pool, he sees human skulls on stakes. Ned runs for his life and rejoins Conseil, and they row away, pursued by cannibals. Aboard ship, the cannibals are repelled by electrical charges through its hull. Nemo is furious with Ned for disobeying his orders, confining him to the brig. A warship approaches, firing upon Nautilus, which descends into the depths, where it attracts a giant squid. After a similar electric charge fails to repel the monster, Nemo and his men surface during a storm to dislodge it. Nemo is caught in one of its tentacles. Ned, having escaped from captivity, saves Nemo from drowning. Nemo has a change of heart and claims he wants to make peace with the world. As the Nautilus nears Vulcania, Nemo finds the island surrounded by warships whose marines are converging on his base. As Nemo goes ashore, Ned tries to identify himself as the author of the bottled messages. Aronnax is furious, recognizing that Nemo will destroy all evidence of his discoveries. Nemo enters the base and activates a time bomb, but is mortally wounded on Nautilus's deck from a slug to the back. After navigating the submarine away from Vulcania, Nemo announces he will be "taking the Nautilus down for the last time". The crew declare they will accompany their captain in death. Aronnax, Conseil, and Ned are confined to their cabins. The Nautilus's crew also retreat to their cabins at Nemo's instructions. Ned escapes and manages to surface the Nautilus, hitting a reef in the process and causing the sub to flood. Nemo staggers to his salon viewport, watching his beloved sea as he dies. Aronnax tries retrieving his detailed journal, but the urgency of their escape obliges Ned to knock him unconscious and carry him out. The companions witness Vulcania explode, and Ned apologizes to Aronnax for hitting him. As the Nautilus disappears beneath the waves, Nemo's last words to Aronnax echo: "There is hope for the future. And when the world is ready for a new and better life, all this will someday come to pass, in God's good time".
Rocky, Colt and Tum-Tum are experiencing the pains of growing up prior to a trip to Japan planned with their grandfather Mori Shintaro, who hopes to take them to a martial arts tournament of which he was the victor 50 years ago. Only Tum-Tum seems interested in going, and even then, only out of interest in seeing sumo wrestlers due to how much food they get to eat. He tells the boys he hopes to return a dagger awarded to him at the tournament when he defeated a boy named Koga, so that it may be presented to the incumbent victor. In Japan, a man breaks into a museum and steals a sword before escaping via hang glider. Meanwhile, back at Mori's house, a trio of burglars led by Koga's nephew Glam try to break into the house to steal the dagger. The boys manage to drive them off, counting it as an ordinary robbery attempt. At a baseball game, Rocky seems too focused on a cute girl named Lisa D. Marino to pitch properly. Tum-Tum causes constant breaks due to getting snacks, and Colt's short temper causes a fight with the opposing team that grows so large that the umpire calls off the game until the next week, driving a nail into the boys' plans to travel. Grandpa leaves alone, but the boys' father Sam accidentally gives him Tum-Tum's suitcase by mistake. Once he arrives in Japan, Mori's taxi is rear-ended by Glam and his friends who steal his bag. After hearing from Mori at the hospital, the boys discover their bags had been switched and have the dagger. They arrange a trip with Mori's credit card and meet him in Japan. He instructs the boys to give it to the master of the tournament. Glam and his friends record the conversation and deliver it to Koga, who punishes them for not retrieving the dagger. At the tournament, Colt takes the place of a fallen competitor but is promptly beaten by a girl named Miyo, wounding his pride. She helps them deliver the dagger to the Grand Master, and allows the boys to stay with her and her mother. She has a love of baseball but is not very good. The boys offer to train her in baseball if she teaches them some of her martial arts skill. Koga attempts to trap the boys and retrieve the dagger himself by pretending to be the Grand Master, but the boys and Miyo catch onto his scheme. They face several adversaries before they are finally captured. Meanwhile, Mori is kidnapped from the hospital by Koga's assistant after fleeing Glam and the others. Koga forces Mori to tell him the location of the Cave of Gold; an urban legend which the sword and dagger are the keys to open. Fearing the safety for his grandchildren, Mori agrees to aid Koga. Soon after, the children come up with a plan and escape Koga's compound on hang gliders, arriving at the cave shortly after the adults. Inside, Koga and Mori realize the legend is true after they encounter walls and monuments of gold within. While the two battle each other, the boys and Miyo drop in on them and Koga pulls a gun. Using Mori's lesson on focus, Colt throws a ball bearing into the muzzle of the gun, causing it to backfire and start a cave in. The group flees the cave, and Koga, now realizing the price of his greed, apologizes and leaves the group unharmed. Rocky realizes that they are a day ahead of America and that they can still make it home by the championship game. At the game, the boys overcome their flaws. Down by two in the last inning, one of the opposing team antagonists gets a hit off Rocky's pitch which is almost a home run, until a recent roster add, revealed to be Miyo, catches the ball. In the bottom of the inning, Colt focuses and hits a home run, allowing all three boys to score and win the game. The bullies face them down after the game, and he picks Miyo to assault for ruining his home run. Despite Tum-Tum's warning that "she's just a girl", he screams as she readies to attack him and the screen goes dark as he is beaten up soundly.
A black cat with red stripes has a double life. During the night, he accompanies a burglar named Nico, who makes heists to steal jewels. During the day, he lives with a small girl named Zo. Zo has become distant from her mother Jeanne, who works as a police superintendent, and lost her voice since the loss of her father and is looked after by a lady named Claudine. Nico gives Dino a fish-shaped bracelet, which he passes to Zo. At the police station Jeanne briefs her colleagues to protect the Colossus of Nairobi statue, which cost her husband his life at the hands of the notorious Victor Costa. Victor Costa intends to have another go at the statue, while it is being moved with help from his code-named accomplices, M. Bb, M. Hulot, M. Grenouille, and M. Patate. Back at home, Jeanne takes interest the fish-shaped bracelet and brings it to her colleague Luca. Luca deduces that the bracelet matches up to the burgled items in Rue Mouffetard. Zo sneaks out of her house and follows Dino. She spies Victor's lot and finds Claudine is working for Victor and has been gaining insight on police movements. Zo is spotted, but is rescued by Nico. Nico takes Zo to hide in the zoo, but Victor's gang pick up her trail. Fortunately Zo escapes in a boat. Lucas finds a lead on the robberies directly to Nico's residence. When Nico returns to find Zo at his place he is arrested by Jeanne and Lucas, presumed to have kidnapped Zo. Jeanne leaves Zo in Claudine's custody and goes with Lucas to find Victor. Unable to convince Jeanne and Luca of Zo's predicament, Nico makes his escape to find Zo. Jeanne is able to confirm that Nico's claim about Zo is true. Claudine has taken Zo to Costa's house, where she is locked away. Thanks to Claudine's perfume Dino follows the scent and leads Nico to the house. Nico is able to whisk Zo away after he cuts the power and dons on his night goggles. Victor and his gang pursue Nico and Zo to Notre Dame, with a crane nearby. Nico falls while trying to mislead the gang, but is saved by Jeanne, who has just arrived at the scene. As Victor catches Zo, Jeanne with Nico and Dino come to the rescue. Nico has to save Dino when Victor pushes the cat over the edge, leaving Jeanne to confront Victor. Plucking up her courage, Jeanne saves her daughter and strikes Victor, putting him in a trance. Before Jeanne can help Victor, the gang leader swings from the crane to an imaginary statue and falls to his death into a truck below. The rest of the gang, including Claudine, are arrested and Zo regains her voice. Nico reforms, gives up thievery and becomes a member of the family, while Dino becomes the household pet. Nico gives to Jeanne a snow globe with the Cathedral of Notre Dame in it as a Christmas present.
The film continues from the events of A Fairly Odd Movie: Grow Up, Timmy Turner! Timmy Turner, his fairies, and Tootie have been traveling around the world, granting wishes for others. A few days before Christmas, Santa Claus and the elves go to check who's naughty and who's nice. However, Santa realizes that with Timmy already granting wishes for others, people have had their names removed from the nice list. Christmas Carol and Dingle Dave, two elves confront Timmy, his fairies, and Tootie and tells them that Santa wants to talk to Timmy. When they get to his workshop, Santa explains that he wants Timmy to stop granting wishes and explains that with great power, comes great responsibility. Just then, an elf tells him that the gift wrapping machine is broken. When Santa wishes for it to be fixed, Timmy decides to grant it. However, since fairy magic does not work in "an elf-made building", the magic instead turns into a blast that causes Santa to fall into the machine; an impact to the head has brain-damaged him as well and causes him to act like the Easter Bunny and other things. As a result of a lack of Christmas spirit, the workshop malfunctions and shuts down. Jorgen Von Strangle arrives and tells Timmy that he must reprise the role of Santa, since it is in the rules that a godchild must take over the role of a holiday icon if the godchild has harmed them to the extent that they cannot do their job. Timmy puts on Santa's hat to reprise his role, and it re-powers the workshop, but only for a brief moment. An elf explains that Timmy cannot be Santa since he is on the naughty list. In addition, Cosmo, Wanda, Poof, and Jorgen cannot do anything about it since Earth's magnetic polarity at the North Pole nullifies fairy magic. The elves explain that to get his name off the naughty list, he must speak to Elmer the Elder Elf. The elves explain that it is a very dangerous path and that he may not make it out alive. Timmy then insists to go alone, since this is his problem, however, Tootie, Timmy's fairies, two elves, and even Mr. Crocker decide to tag along. The journey proves to be difficult, especially when the elves lose the path to Elmer. As they continue, Timmy and Crocker are separated from the others as a result of a snowstorm. Timmy's fairies, the elves, and Tootie come across a penguin, whom Tootie believes knows the way to Elmer. After Tootie manages to communicate with it, the penguin guides them to a bridge that should take them to Elmer. Meanwhile, Timmy and Crocker come across a group of gingerbread men, who are willing to help them. Just then, a starving Crocker bites off the head of one of the gingerbread men, causing them to become angry and go after them. The two of them eventually reach the other five and camp for the night. The following day, they come across the bridge, which is heavily damaged. The fairies help the others over, however, in an attempt to get Crocker over, Timmy falls down. When they think it is the end, an unscathed Timmy gets up using candy canes given to him earlier by Santa. They eventually reach Elmer's place. Upon arriving, Timmy asks Elmer why he is on the naughty list when he has been granting wishes for others. However, Elmer explains that his fairies are the ones granting wishes for others, and that his wishes are causing more bad than good, supported by a series of clips presented by Elmer. Having proven his point, Elmer refuses to take Timmy's name off the naughty list, and leaves. Timmy and the others are upset that they couldn't fix Christmas. However, Crocker opens up to Timmy and explains that he respects him for having the courage to risk his life for Christmas. Elmer overhears this, and surprised that Timmy was able to even warm Crocker's heart, he changes his mind and takes Timmy's name off the naughty list. Timmy and the others then take Elmer's vehicle to get back to the workshop. They realize that without Christmas spirit, The Evil Winter Warlock has covered the whole planet. The elves explain that Timmy has a very small chance of saving Christmas now that Winter Warlock has blocked the path out of the North Pole. Timmy quickly puts on Santa's clothing, restoring power to the workshop, and gives orders to the elves and everyone else to prepare all the gifts. When they are all ready, they encounter one more problem: all of the reindeer are missing. They decide to use the magic van as a substitute. They barely manage to make it through Winter Warlock's Wrath, and give all the presents to everyone. On Christmas Day, Santa returns to normal and realizes that all of the Christmas work is done by Timmy. After Santa gets back into his clothes, they all party. Despite not getting off the naughty list, Crocker gets his first ever Christmas present and Timmy and Tootie kiss under the mistletoe. Poof then flies up to the screen and says his words without a Randy Jackson voice: "God bless us, everyone." Cosmo and Wanda then fly up to the screen. Wanda says "No fairies were harmed in the making of this movie," but Cosmo says he got a paper cut.
Gnorm is just an average gnome, but he wants to impress the lady gnomes by doing something heroic. So he steals the gnomes' magic stones and exposes them to sunlight to recharge them. When he gets to the surface, he witnesses a murder and the killer ends up with his stones. Detective Casey, who was working a sting operation with the murdered man is blamed for botching the sting, and causing the death. Wanting to catch the killer to clear his name, he teams up with Gnorm, whom he accidentally discovers. He is going to need Samantha's help, but she thinks he is a nut. See, no one else knows about Gnorm. He realizes the only way to convince Samantha is to show her his own personal magic stones, if you know what I mean. She thinks they are gross, so he is driven to cut them off. When he does this, they drop to the floor and start to glow. Casey quickly realizes that he has created another set of magic stones. He uses these to track down the other stones, which leads to the final battle. The killer sees him and says, "you've got a pair of balls to come after me." He laughs, knowing he has no balls. They charge each other and start to fire their guns. A flurry of bullets ensues, with each person firing their last bullet towards the groin of each other. The killer is hit and dies almost immediately. Casey thinks he is hit, but realizes that the bullet sailed between his legs. The magic stones are returned and Detective Casey approaches Samantha once again. He asks for a kiss, but is rejected, with Samantha saying he looks "worse than before."
Calvin Fuller is a nerdy young boy living in the Los Angeles suburb of Reseda. The gangly, unsure youth is first seen at a baseball game, standing at bat for his team, the Knights, ready for yet another strike out. Suddenly an earthquake hits; as the others run for safety, the ground opens up under Calvin's shoes and he falls through the chasm. Eventually he lands on the head of a 6th-century black knight. Upon hearing of his miraculous appearance, the elderly King Arthur, seeing him as the savior whose appearance Merlin has predicted, dubs the boy Calvin of Reseda and invites him to dine with the court. Calvin begins his knight training to help Arthur retain his crown. When the earthquake hit, Calvin had just grabbed his knapsack, a fact that enables him to wow the Arthurians with his futuristic "magic", including an introduction to rock and roll via CD player, and a Swiss Army knife. The young wizard also shows them how to make inline rollerskates. His work wins him adulation and renown; but it also rouses the jealousy of Lord Belasco, who will use any means to take over the throne. Meanwhile, Calvin finds himself developing a crush on young Princess Katey. After he helps Arthur keep the crown, he is returned to the 20th century just before the moment when he struck out, and he steps up to the plate: this time, he is ready and hits a home run. He is greeted by his teammates  including a girl who looks like Katey  and is looked on by a spectator who looks like Arthur, who is whittling a piece of wood with a pocketknife  the same knife Calvin gave to King Arthur.
In the year 1914, Sara Crewe is the kind, caring and sweet daughter of Captain Richard Crewe, a wealthy aristocrat living in India. Sara's mother died when she was very young, and she has to leave her beloved childhood home and friends when her father volunteers to fight for the British as an officer in World War I. Captain Crewe enrolls Sara at a girls' boarding school in New York, and instructs the evil headmistress Miss Maria Minchin to spare no expense making sure his daughter will be comfortable while he is away. He has reserved her the school's largest suite, and gives Sara a special locket of her mother's picture, and a French doll named Emily, telling her that if she wants to talk to him, just speak to Emily and he will hear it. Though she finds the strict rules and Miss Minchin's harsh attitude stifling, Sara becomes popular among the girls, including the scullery maid Becky, for her kindness and strong sense of imagination. She writes constant letters to her father, which are a great source of happiness for him on the battlefield. Due to a body being misidentified, Captain Crewe is declared dead when he is actually seriously injured and suffering from amnesia, and the British government seizes his company and assets. When Miss Minchin hears the news, she is in the middle of throwing a lavish birthday party for Sara, hoping to extort more money from her father. When Crewe's solicitor arrives and tells her there will be no more money, Miss Minchin is furious. Since Sara is now penniless and has no known relatives, Miss Minchin decides to move her to the attic with Becky to work as a servant where she will report to Mabel at 5 a.m. Meanwhile, the elderly neighbor Charles Randolph has received word that his son John, who is also fighting in Europe, is missing in action. He is asked to identify a soldier suffering from amnesia, but he is discouraged to discover it is not John. His Indian assistant Ram Dass encourages him to take in the man anyway, reminding him that he may know what happened to his son. Though her life is bleak, Sara remains kind to others and continues to hold onto her belief that all girls are princesses. Sara and Becky later play a chimney prank on Miss Minchin after she scolds a young chimney sweep boy. Sara even shows sympathy toward Miss Minchin's sister Amelia. When her friends later sneak up to see her and are caught by Miss Minchin, she protects them by saying she invited them. As punishment, Miss Minchin locks Becky in her room and assigns Sara to perform both Becky's and her own chores for the next day without anything to eat for both of them. She even taunts Sara over believing she is still a princess. But when Sarah stands up to Miss Minchin, saying that all girls are princesses despite their miserable lives, she angrily threatens to throw her out into the street if she's seen with the girls again. After Miss Minchin storms out, to distract them from their hunger, Sara and Becky imagine a huge banquet. The next morning, they wake to find their dream has come true, having secretly been left there by Ram Dass. Later that night, Amelia sneaks out of the school and runs off with the milkman. When Miss Minchin notices Sara's locket is missing, she goes to Sara's room and confronts her in a rage. After she discovers all the finery left from Ram Dass, Miss Minchin accuses Sara of stealing everything and summons the police. With Becky's help, Sara narrowly avoids arrest by perilously climbing over to the Randolph house. Having failed to catch Sara, Miss Minchin and the police arrest Becky for interfering with them. While hiding from the police, she comes across the soldier and realizes it is her father. Captain Crewe, though sympathetic to the girl, does not recognize her at all. As she tries to make him remember, Miss Minchin and the police arrive. Though the headmistress clearly recognizes Crewe, she falsely claims that Sara has no father, and choosing revenge over the truth, commands the police officers to seize her. As the police are about to take Sara away along with Becky, Crewe suddenly regains his memory, with help from Ram Dass, and rescues his daughter. Miss Minchin angrily walks away in defeat. Some time later, Captain Crewe has cleared things up with Miss Minchin's superiors and the bank. The boarding school is given to Mr. Randolph, and his efforts make it a much happier place for the girls. The Crewe family's wealth is restored to them and they adopt Becky. Captain Crewe tells Mr. Randolph his son died in a gas attack, giving the man closure. As retribution for her cruelty to Sara and Becky, Miss Minchin seemingly loses her current title and high position and is reduced to a chimney sweeper, now working for the chimney sweeper boy she previously mistreated. The film closes with Sara and Becky waving farewell to their former classmates as their carriage departs from the school and the family begins their return to India.
As a boy growing up in Coatbridge, Scotland, Peter Marshall loves the sea and wishes to work on a ship. Several years later, he is caught in a fog and nearly falls over a ledge. Survival compels him to dedicate his life to the ministry. He begins working double-shifts to save enough money to go to school in America. He gets there and again works very hard to save enough to pay for divinity school. Upon graduation, he is called to serve as pastor at a rural church in Covington, Georgia. His sermons are well-received and soon people are coming from near and far. Catherine Wood from nearby Agnes Scott College falls in love with Peter the first time she hears him speak. Catherine impresses Peter by helping him at an event for college students where she gives an extemporaneous speech using quotes from his sermons. They eventually marry. Their honeymoon is spent on an ocean voyage and fishing trip. Catherine gets seasick and refuses to get into a fishing boat. They return from their honeymoon to Washington, D.C.. Peter has accepted a position as pastor of the New York Avenue Presbyterian Church. Services are sparsely attended but Peter invites people from all walks of life and soon services are overflowing. Peters son, Peter John, is born the morning of December 7, 1941. That morning, as Pearl Harbor is attacked, Peter preaches at the United States Naval Academy in Annapolis. He is inspired to change his planned sermon to a sermon about death and eternal life. He describes death and going to sleep in one room and waking up the next morning in the room where you belong. Catherine contracts tuberculosis and is bedridden. Catherine listens to Peters sermon about a woman healed by touching the hem of Jesus robes. When Peter returns home, Catherine has left her bed and walked down the stairs of her home for the first time in three years. Peter and Catherine buy a vacation home in Cape Cod. Peter takes his son fishing but Catherine refuses to go on the water. When they return, Peter is stricken ill while preaching and is rushed to the hospital. He has suffered a coronary thrombosis. After a short time of rest, he returns to preaching and accepts an appointment as Chaplain of the United States Senate. One night, Peter wakes Catherine telling her that he is in pain. As an ambulance is taking him away, she asks to come along. He says she must stay with their son and will see her in the morning. Later, the hospital calls to let her know Peter has died. That summer, she takes her son to the cottage at Cape Cod. He wants to go out on the boat. She realizes he cant go alone and she gets in the boat with him.
The story revolves around 11-year-old Jessica, whose mother died when she was three years old. Her father, Jim, is a workaholic with little time for his daughter and hasn't been able to spend time with her since her mother's death 8 years prior and still seems to be mourning her. Just before the Christmas holiday season, Jessica wins a free wish from a wishing well. Her wish for a mother for Christmas is granted by Philomena and Amy, a department store mannequin, is brought to life to be a mom for Jessica. However, there is a catch and Amy can only be a mother to her until Christmas Eve. To clear up any confusion for Jim, Amy claims herself to be a nanny from Australia hired to help care for Jessica while he's at work and she is given a spare room on top of the garage. Amy and Jessica get along until they suffer a brief misunderstanding. Jessica briefly wants to take back the wish and sees Amy go lifeless from her bedroom window. Horrified, she runs out in the rain and stairs to Amy's room, frantically knocking on her door. Amy opens up and Jessica is relieved to see her fine as she is ushered in. The next day, Jessica visits Philomena at the department store to see if she could take back the original wish. She wants Amy to stay forever with them because her father has grown fond of her and she can't bear to lose another mother. Philomena wishes she could help alter the wish, but shows Jessica what Amy will be up against if she isn't there to save her and other the mannequins with faces. The store she works at is planning to replace all the mannequins with faceless ones. Philomena tells Jessica there is only one way to avoid this and if she really wants to save Amy, they must act fast and join hands with her. That isn't the only thing Amy is up against, an inquisitive store detective suspects her of taking a missing Santa mannequin from the store and questions her. However, Amy's mannequin friends come to her aid, especially a male mannequin dressed as a driver who warns him to keep his distance from her. Amy and the Santa mannequin both help Jessica overcome her stage fright and put on a convincing performance that wow's the crowd. Jim takes a photograph of Jessica, his first picture of her since her mother died. Christmas Eve and Philomena is late to perform the ritual needed to save Amy so she has to return to the store. Jessica recruits Jim to help save her and they head to the store. By the time they reach the store, they see Amy having gone back to being a mannequin and Jessica throws herself at her. She begs her father to grab Amy's hand and he reluctantly does. The ritual works and Amy is brought back before them. They head for home and Amy's mannequin friends wishes her the best of luck in her new life, while the store detective is awakened by Philomena using her magic feather duster. The film ends with a Christmas picture of Jim, Amy and Jessica.
Young orphan Toms is harassed and ridiculed for his small size, timidity and stuttering by the other children in his orphanage. Just after freeing a pigeon from his classroom, he is called to the headmasters' office to be greeted by Maire, who has adopted him, and takes him back to her island home, where Toms is greeted somewhat coldly by her husband, Alec, a fisherman, who had expected someone older and perhaps more confident, and Toms is intimidated by Alec. Toms makes friends with Nancy and is greeted tepidly by Seamus. They take him to their 'secret' cave, inhabited by bats. There, Toms runs away, scared, after which his two friends chase after him and console him. Toms is introduced to his new school and, unlike at his previous school, here he is generally accepted by the pupils. As Maire's influence on him begins to shine through, he starts to gain in confidence and become drawn to wildlife. Soon thereafter, Alec and Toms get a little closer, and when Maire has to go to the mainland for some shopping, Alec and Toms go fishing. Together they find a young seal, apparently abandoned, on the beach. Christened 'Smudge' by Toms, he wants to care for it and feeds it regularly for the next many days. For Toms' birthday, the couple give him a new fishing rod & reel. Maire suggests that the two guys go fishing, Alec to teach Toms how to use the tackle, and the plan is set. The next morning, they head out, but Alec, distracted with helping some friends move a stuck boat, tells Toms, "I won't be long, wait down there." Toms waits around nearly all day for him to show up, but Alec, after helping, then instead goes to the pub with the friends. Maire finds Toms and takes him out in the boat herself. Maire discloses she was an orphan too, never adopted out, and that is why she picked Toms, loving and 'knowing' him, due to her own experiences. Maire teaches Toms to picture his grandmother in his mind and he does, remembering her for the first time in a long while. He learns he can recall memories by 'painting' them in his mind. They then see a rainbow and she promises to take him into one someday. That night, Maire has an argument with Alec, telling him that he shouldn't have left Toms waiting. The next day after school, Toms comes home to find that Maire, has taken sick, a doctor at her side. He goes to stay at Katie's home, with her children, Seamus and Nancy. He buys Maire a very colourful tablecloth, as she likes colours, and later goes visiting her in hospital. Toms learns that Maire is going to die, and distraught he rushes to her bedside, crying at the thought of her passing. Alec asks Toms to leave, and later at the house Alec tells him that she has died. At Maire's funeral, Alec and Toms are both distraught, but Alec still won't bond with Toms. Toms says that Alec needs him but Alec continues to be brusque with Toms. Toms also learns from his friends that the orphanage will soon reclaim him, as Alec never signed the adoption papers. Alec starts to drink to soothe his sorrows, and burns all of Maire's possessions because "she's gone". When Toms finds out, he tries to stop Alec, blaming him for Maire's death, and runs away to Katie's. She explains how sad Alec is about losing Maire. The next day, Toms goes to feed Smudge, asking it to pass on a message to Maire, asking her 'what he should to do'. A rainbow appears, the 'end' of it bathing Toms and Smudge in colours, and Toms has 'received' the guidance he was looking for. When Toms returns home he finds Alec drunk, slumped in a chair. Toms wakes Alec, giving him a red scarf Maire had 'smiled' into for him earlier, as a memento to remember Maire by. Alec goes to bed, snuggling with the scarf, as he hears Maire's laughter. In the morning, after packing up his possessions, Toms goes out in the boat to deliver Smudge to his 'Mum'. When Alec realises that Toms isn't at home, he attempts to rescue Toms, but doesn't reach him in time. Toms' boat has capsized, but, with help from Smudge and a pod of seals, he washes up on shore. Alec, frantic, checks to see if Toms is still alive, which he is. For breakfast the next day, Alec produces the colourful tablecloth to cover the drab table. Alec asks if Toms wants to go back to the orphanage. Toms proclaims "No!", and says he wants to remain with Alec. Alec finally signs the papers, and Tomas calls him "Dad".
The film begins in a Kingdom of Trolls, where Stanley has a magical green thumb with the ability to bring flowers and plants to life at a touch. When he is discovered doing so, the other trolls take him as prisoner to Gnorga, the Queen of the Trolls, who concludes that Stanley "gives a bad name to trolls everywhere" and demands that he be turned to stone. At the behest of her consort King Llort, Gnorga instead banishes Stanley to Central Park where, after a series of mishaps, Stanley hides himself under a bridge. In New York City, two young siblings named Gus and Rosie learn that their father Alan and mother Hilary cannot take them to Central Park. While left alone with their nanny, Maria, Gus takes Rosie to the Park himself. While playing with Gus's toy boat, which is later accidentally smashed, Rosie befriends Stanley. When Queen Gnorga discovers Stanley happy in exile, she creates a flood to drown them by making Gus cry, but Stanley enlarges Gus's toy boat to escape. Soon after, Stanley shows the children his own ideals, depicted as a world of his own. Determined to suppress Stanley, Queen Gnorga sends a tornado to destroy Central Park, and kidnaps Rosie. After failing to persuade Stanley to help, Gus faces Gnorga by himself. In the resulting fight, Gnorga transforms Gus into a Pig-like troll. Stanley suddenly appears to rescue Rosie and challenges Gnorga to a thumb-wrestling match. Stanley manages to win, and plants roses all around Gnorga's body. As Stanley, Gus, and Rosie escape and celebrate their victory, Gnorga uses Gus's thumb to turn Stanley to stone. Gus and Rosie fall into their apartment and the last of Stanley's power changes Gnorga into a rose bush. Gnorga, Llort and their dog then return to the Kingdom of Trolls, while Gus returns to his human form. The next day, Gus, Rosie, and their parents enter Central Park. Gus and Rosie place the petrified Stanley on a makeshift pedestal. Gus attempts to revive him and appears to fail. They find him revived after a moment's pause. Restored to life, Stanley recreates Central Park and covers the entire city of Manhattan in vegetation and flowers. In the Kingdom of Trolls, Llort takes Gnorga's place as a kinder ruler. Llort is last seen reading a newspaper with "Gnorga: Queen of Posies" written on it; as he read the headline, Gnorga's dog bites him.
In 1959, Sammy, a Green sea turtle, hatches on a deserted beach and while trying to climb up a sand slope is caught by a seagull. He manages to escape along with another hatchling sea turtle named Shelly who was caught by another seagull. Sammy falls onto an old raft and gets carried into the open ocean, losing Shelly. Later he befriends a leatherback hatchling named Ray. The two friends grow up together. One day Ray shows Sammy his new found Octopus friend Slim, but they are forced to take shelter from an oil spill, caused by an oil tanker shipwreck. After the raft collapses, Sammy and Ray are caught in trawler nets and separated. Hours later, Sammy is thrown back into the sea, but is revived by a dolphin. Sammy makes it to shore and the next day finds himself in an enclosure, taken in by human hippies and has the company of a cat named Fluffy. Eventually Sammy shares the enclosure with a larger turtle named Vera, however Vera is released into sea as it seems the two are not mating. Not long after that, the unauthorized hippies are evicted by the police, leaving Sammy behind. Sammy returns to the ocean and is rejoined by Vera. On a search for food, Sammy and Vera rescue a female turtle, who turns out to be Shelly. Sammy and Shelly travel the oceans and ask around in search of the secret passage Sammy heard of. Finally the two turtles brave the dangers of the Panama Canal but separated as they try to pass a lock. Sammy follows her trail to the Antarctic, where is picked up by Ecologists and taken to California where he meets Fluffy once again. Soon after he is released back into the ocean, Sammy is requested by two leatherbacks to help a trapped turtle in a container. His rescuee is none other than his old friend Ray. With help from Ray's girlfriend Rita, Sammy explores a wrecked galleon and finds Shelly dating with another turtle. Rita reveals that turtle named Robbie is only a playboy. To win Shelly's heart, Ray enlists the help of the toothless shark Albert for Sammy to stage a rescue. Finally reunited with Shelly, the two turtles along with Ray and Rita return to their birthplace to make their own hatchlings.
In 1876, two orphans, Holly and Jason, travel across the Rocky Mountains to claim their inheritance at the end of the Oregon Trail. They run into Zachariah Coop, a gambler on the run from a group of angry men. Coop tries to join the two kids, but at first they don't know whether to trust him. The trio shows unyielding courage in the face of hardship, adventure and danger as they travel across the Great Divide to reach their dream.
A 12-year-old Kansas orphan turns to the Scarecrow and the Tin Woodman for help during a difficult time. She imagines that things have not gone well in Oz since the Wizard left and that the Scarecrow and the Tin Woodman must travel to Kansas to find Dorothy. Meanwhile, the orphanage leader gives Dorothy a hard time.
Through a voiceover, Sniffer introduces the five Air Buddies, describes their personalities and recaps how the puppies' father, Air Bud, made the town of Fernfield famous through his love of sport. When their families leave home for a basketball game, the puppies get into trouble with their sitter, Mrs Niggles. This prompts their owners to finally put the puppies up for adoption. Meanwhile, Selkirk Tander tries to impress Mr. Livingston's son, Bartleby Livingston by showing him a female tiger for his birthday, but Bartleby wanted an animal he can play with. He wants Air Bud because Buddy can play sports. Mr. Livingston offers $500,000 if Selkirk can get Buddy. Selkirk then sends his nephew Grim and assistant Denning to capture Buddy. At school, Noah and Henry collect every boy and girl's profile sheets and photos, and after looking at girls and boys who would make good owners, the family decides to call their new owners the next day. Grim and Denning arrive at Buddy's home, only to see Buddy and Molly at the same time, thinking there are two air buds or they are mates. The next morning, the pups decide to run away. Grim and Denning follow them, and manage to catch Budderball by luring him with a doughnut. The other Buddies go and find Budderball but they are captured as well and used as bait to catch Buddy and Molly. Buddy manages to free the Buddies but Denning traps him with a net. Molly attempts to save Buddy but is captured too. Denning and Grim put Buddy and Molly in the truck, while the buddies chase after them. In wine country, Selkirk is pleased that Denning and Grim captured both Buddy and Molly so he can have them breed puppies and sell them for money. When Grim explain that Buddy and Molly already had puppies and Denning let them get away, Selkirk tells them to lock the dogs in the wine cellar and go and capture the puppies and threatens that if they don't catch the puppies, they will be fed to the tiger. Selkirk also replaces Grim as the leader of the mission to capture the Buddies. Grim and Denning go back to Buddy's home to capture the Buddies but no luck. The Buddies have sniffed their way to the outside cinema, where Grim and Denning are watching 101 Dalmatians. The Buddies find their way to the projection room and walk right in front of the projector, their shadows attracting Denning and Grim's attention. Grim and Denning catch up to the Buddies, chasing them to a farm. The Buddies meet Billy the Goat and Belinda the Pig, who help the Buddies escape from Grim and Denning. The Buddies lure Grim and Denning into a stable and escape through a small hole as Billy locks Grim and Denning in. The Buddies go through the forest then meet the Wolf who leads them to wine country. A skunk's spray enables Sniffer to smell again, so he calls Noah and Henry and they go off to find the Buddies. Buddy and Molly manage to escape to find the Buddies. Budderball falls into a hole, which Buddy and Molly dug, forcing the Buddies to help. Noah and Henry are led by Sniffer through the same farm that the Buddies went through. Noah and Henry are ecstatic and overjoyed at finding Grim and Denning being held prisoners by Billy the goat, and immediately depart to report them and turn them in to the authorities over Grim and Denning's protests. Bartleby and his father come to collect the dogs but instead finds the Buddies. Bartleby and his father then put the Buddies in a limousine, when Noah, Henry, Buddy and Molly come to rescue the Buddies. Budderball falls into one of the wine containers and gets drunk. Bartleby catches Budderball but is caught by Sniffer. Noah, Henry, and the dogs release barrels towards Selkirk and Mr. Livingston; the barrels break the wine container. Selkirk and Mr. Livingston fall in, as the container cracks open. Washing out of the container, Sheriff Bob arrives to arrest Selkirk, Denning, and Grim. The Buddies apologize to Buddy and Molly; they understand and say they're ready for their new owners. Budderball decides to stay with Bartleby because he needs a friend. The puppies are introduced to their new families and end up enjoying their new lives.The film ends with Buddy, Molly, Buddha, Budderball, Rosebud, B-Dawg, Mudbud, Sniffer and The Wolf howling to show how they are still family, despite their distance.
Jake Barnes is flying a plane over the Alaskan wilderness. While he is flying, he is communicating with a man named Charlie, who works for Quincy Air Service. A polar bear cub and it's mother is then shown playing in the snow not knowing that they are being watched by a pair of poachers, Colin Perry and Mr. Koontz, and the adult bear is then shot leaving the cub orphaned. Jessie Barnes and her friend Chip observing wildlife in their kayaks before her dinner. Jessie's father Jake begins telling her where he is flying from, at what time he left that location, and his air speed. Jessie calculates that her father is passing Devils Thumb. Jake then lands his plane on a lake, where Charlie is waiting to tie the plane up to the dock. His son, Sean scolds his father for moving their family to Alaska. As Jake was making an emergency run, his plane's engines stalls, causing him to lose control and crash in the Alaska wilderness. Frustrated by the lack of search effort by the police, Sean and Jessie went out to find their father on their own. As they kayak through the chilly waters of the Gulf of Alaska, they stop to rest on a beach. They soon realize that the shore is home to a poachers camp. They then discover the skin of a polar bear and the young polar bear from earlier, that has been locked in a cage. They let the polar bear run free, hoping that it will save itself. After the bear leaves their camp Colin Perry appears, in hunt of the polar bear that he believes is rightfully his property. Koontz then arrives and notices teeth marks in the frying pan, alerting Perry that the bear was there. Colins beliefs that the children stole the bear from his camp are confirmed when he finds his missing lighter next to their camping gear. Perry orders the kids to tell the bear to come home. The next day, Jessie and Sean continue in their search to find their missing father. They leave their kayak and begin searching on foot. They soon discover that the polar bear has once again followed them in their journey. Perry and Koontz, too, have followed the youngsters and this time they destroy the oars in their kayak and hide the kayak in the woods just in case someone comes looking for them. Just then Charlie arrives in a helicopter in search of Jessie and Sean. Perry shows Charlie a piece of the oar and tells him that he found it 25 miles north of their current position. Charlie then departs in his helicopter in hopes of finding the children, who he believes to be in grave danger and eventually discovers the two men were actually poachers after finding their campsite. Jessie safely reaches the bottom, but Sean slips and tumbles down the mountain, hitting his head on a rock. The two then continue their journey and find a log cabin in the woods. They take shelter and Sean lies down in the bed. While in the cabin, Sean notices a canoe hanging from the ceiling. Jessie and Sean take the canoe and continue on in their search for their father. While they are canoeing down a river, the two kids encounter vicious rapids that send them and their canoe down a waterfall. Jessie is able to escape the raging river but, once again, Seans lack of experience in the wilderness causes him to struggle. He is thrust down the river where he is helped out of the cold water by Jessies friend Chip and his grandfather. With the kids barefoot by the riverside, Chips father wants to send Jessie and Sean home, but Chip and his grandfather wish to help the two on their journey. The two proceed on their quest with their befriended polar bear, whom they named Cubby, by their side. Cubby leads them until he is shot with a tranquilizer dart by Colin. He then takes Cubby away in his helicopter, but Koontz didnt load the darts with enough tranquilizer fluids, allowing Cubby to awaken in the helicopter and trying to fight his way free. As Koontz lowers the helicopter, Cubby escapes and bites Perry's right knee, causing Perry to shoot Koontz with a tranquilizer dart and damage the helicopter as well. Meanwhile, the children continue on in their search for their missing father. They stumble upon some wreckage from his plane crash and begin yelling for him to respond. Not able to yell, their father shoots another flare into the air. This time the children see it and run to his rescue. They find the plane hanging on the edge of a cliff, and Jessie lowers Sean down the side of the mountain to reach their father. Just as it looks like Jessie is going to lose control of the rope, Cubby appears and helps Jessie pull the rope. With Cubby's help, Jessie and Sean are able to raise their father up the side of the mountain. Just as the family is reunited, Charlie shows up in his helicopter to take them home and complete the rescue.
Alice McKinley is an 11-year-old girl who is facing many challenges. Her mother, Marie, died when she was very young, so she never really got to know her. She lives with her brother Lester and her father, Ben. The family moves to a new house, and soon meet their new neighbors, a girl Alice's age named Elizabeth and her mother. The next day Alice goes to school with Elizabeth and runs into a boy named Patrick, whom she accidentally walked in on in a dressing room a few days earlier - in his underwear! They line up to find their teachers, and Alice really hopes she's in beautiful Miss Cole's class. Instead, she winds up with the seemingly evil Mrs. Plotkin, who gives her a hard time. Alice tries out for a play that Miss Cole's class is directing, and really wants the princess role. Unfortunately, Alice is tone-deaf, so she's unable to get the part. Her arch rival Pamela gets the role instead, and Alice lands the role of a frog. Pamela hasn't been very nice to Alice ever since she came to school. Alice tells her dad and brother about it, but they end up being discouraging. Her dad opens a new shop, and Alice tries to set up her dad and Miss Cole up, as she's searching for a mother figure to replace the one she lost, but her dad says she is too young for him. Then her dad starts dating a new girl, Kelly, and Alice is afraid her father will marry her. One night, Alice sneaks downstairs and sees her father and Kelly kissing, and it really hurts her. Her Aunt Sally, who is her mother's older sister, and her husband come to visit. Their father finds Aunt Sally annoying, as she thinks they can't take care of themselves. During the visit, Alice finds a video of her mother, and later watches the video. Her father reprimands her when he finds out, saying that those videos were private. Back at school, Alice slowly begins to bond with Mrs. Plotkin, and finds that she isn't the witch everyone thinks she is. She also realizes that Miss Cole isn't all that. On the night of the play, Alice accidentally tears down the set, and everyone is upset at her, including Miss Cole. They tell her to leave, but Mrs. Plotkin is right there to help her though. After the play, everyone apologizes, even Pamela. At the end of the movie, Pamela and Alice are friends, Patrick asks Alice out, which leads to her having a daydream about her and Patrick kissing, and Lester is seen playing with his band, the Naked Nomads.
A meteor shower rockets through open space. Four glowing pods are seen hiding behind the meteor shower. Suddenly the meteor shower makes a hard right and heads towards a distant planet Earth. In a Chicago suburb, Stuart Pearson and his wife Nina head a family that includes 7-year-old Hannah, 17-year-old hormonal sister Bethany, who has just come back from a secret outing with her boyfriend Ricky Dillman, and 15-year-old techno-geek Tom whose high school grades are low. After having an argument with Tom about him hacking into the school's website to change his grades and deciding the family needs some good old-fashioned togetherness, Stuart takes them to a holiday home in the middle of nowhere. Joining them is Nathan "Nate" Pearson, his 14-year-old son Jake, Nana Rose, and identical 12-year-old twins Art and Lee. Ricky also arrives unexpectedly and talks his way into staying overnight, by giving them the impression that his car has broken down and needs to be repaired so he can spend time with Bethany, plus saying he is 18 years old. As the family settle in, dark storm clouds swirl around the house. Suddenly, the four glowing pods land on the roof. An alien crew emerges, made up of Skip, the tough commander, Tazer, a muscle-bound dude armed to the teeth, Razor, a lethal female alien soldier, and Sparks, a four-armed techie, who is the only non-threatening intruder. Since the aliens knocked over the satellite dish, Ricky and Tom are sent to fix it. Ricky then reveals to Tom that he lied about his car breaking down, and his age; Ricky is actually in college and is 21 years old, five years older than Bethany. Ricky sends Tom to fix the satellite dish by himself, but it is beyond repair. Investigating further, Tom and Jake discover the aliens. Ricky is shot by Tazor with a dart-like "mind control plug", allowing the aliens to control him with via a remote. The aliens, called "Zirkonians", lay claim to the planet. Like a puppet, Ricky attacks the boys, but Tom and Jake manage to get back into the house. It is not long before all five kids have seen the aliens, with the exception of Bethany. They soon discover that the alien mind control plugs don't work on children, giving them a fighting chance, and realize they have a responsibility to protect the adults by keeping the aliens' existence a secret. The kids create makeshift weapons, like a homemade potato spud gun, and repel the first alien attack from the attic. In the process, they obtain Ricky's remote control and turn him against the aliens. The kids orchestrate a scheme to get the adults out of the house and then ambush the aliens as they try to reach the basement via the air vents, causing the gentle tech Sparks to become separated. He meets Hannah and they become friends. Unlike his alien cohorts, Sparks hates battle; he just wants to return home to his family, and he helps by making weapons for them. He also reveals his teammates are after a machine buried under the basement. The kids forgot about their grandmother, and the aliens mind control her, which gives her superhuman strength and agility, and she defeats Ricky in a scene reminiscent of a fighting video game. However, the aliens manage to capture Jake and Sparks, whom they need to complete their mission. The kids finally reveal to Bethany the events that are taking place. Ricky then breaks up with Bethany because she always talks about feelings and family, and leaves. The five of them rescue Jake, but Skip succeeds in using the enlarging machine, growing to 30 feet tall, and calls the Zirkonian invasion ships. They defeat him and shrink him again. Tazer and Razor flee, while Skip is shrunk to a tiny size by the machine, which malfunctions and explodes. Sparks calls off the invasion and returns home. The rest of the vacation goes back to normal, except the kids grew closer to each other during their adventure. In the distance, a shrunken Skip appears, bent on revenge, but meets his demise when a crow flies over and grabs him. In a mid-credits scene, Bethany and Tom take revenge on Ricky for breaking up with her by making him look like a fool in front of his new girlfriend Annie Filkins, using the alien mind control device. Bethany comments "I am so keeping this" after using the device to make Ricky land on his testicles.
When the babies were watching a science fiction oriented movie about a time-traveling machine, Angelica shows them her new "tapiyokie" machine. She forbids the babies to play with it, but, as with many of her toys, they do. Angelica is angry and chases the babies into a closet, with Angelica on the outside. Angelica starts counting to ten for them to come out, and Tommy suggests they go to "the foocher" so that they will be grown up enough for Angelica not to boss them around any more. Angelica says multiple random numbers in incorrect order before reaching 10, so this gives the babies enough time to rig the karaoke machine into a time-travel device. At the exact moment Angelica reaches ten, Tommy pushes a button and there is a swirling orange vortex and the babies see themselves in the future. They are now ten years older. The group stumbles out of the closet and teenage Angelica demands her Emica CD back. They want the CD to learn each song in hopes that Emica will call one of them up to sing with her. In the beginning of this part of the episode, nine-year-old Dil is shown to have an unusual personality, and Angelica states that Phil and Lil dropped him on his head when he was a baby. Stu says that he has a disco dance on the same day that the group has their concert. Stu also states that he will wear his lucky zodiac necklace, one similar to Emica's. When the group leaves for school called Jim's Jr. High, Tommy and Dil's grandfather and Stu and Drew's father, Lou is now a bus driver. Angelica's friend, Samantha Shane, tells Angelica that she is going to the Emica concert. Angelica lies that despite having the same last name, she and Tommy aren't related. She also says that she is going to wear the zodiac necklace that Emica wears. She needs Tommy to steal his father's necklace so she will look like she told the truth to her friend. She says that if he does so, she will introduce Samantha to Chuckie. Tommy makes a fake necklace. Unexpectedly, Spike eats the decoy overnight, then mistakes the real necklace for another one and takes it. Stu finds out the next morning, and Tommy takes the blame for stealing it. Stu and Didi ground Tommy and is going to miss the concert, much to Dil's dismay, and Angelica refuses to introduce Chuckie to Samantha. The group is sitting in their old sandbox, feeling gloomy that their friend is going to miss the concert. Stu and Didi hire Susie to babysit Tommy while they are at the dance, as she was not able to attend the Emica concert. Lil finds the necklace in the sandbox, as Spike buried it there once he discovered it was not a dog biscuit like the decoy was, and they need to return the necklace to Stu. Tommy is reluctant to do so, because he mustn't leave the house. Dil encourages Tommy to do otherwise. Susie catches them as they leave the house, stating that she knows when they are always up to something. She then goes with the gang to return the necklace. On the way, they ride their bikes by the concert, where Angelica runs towards them to get the necklace. Angelica admits to Samantha that the necklace belonged to Tommy's dad and also reveals that she and Tommy are cousins. As a way to try to make up, she introduces Samantha to Chuckie as "Charlie Finster, the III". Samantha shares her experiences with braces to "Charlie", as he is wearing them also, and the two are smitten with each other. As one more act of kindness, Angelica gives her ticket to Susie. They return Stu's necklace in the middle of his performance, and Stu can dance. They are now at the concert. Tommy and Angelica's grandfather arrives with two tickets. One was intended for his wife, Lulu, but he gives it to Angelica because she was not there. In the stadium, Emica starts to sing. She calls Tommy up to sing, but Angelica begs to be up too, and Emica agrees. After a short-lived period of getting along with singing, Angelica and Tommy start to fight over the microphone. They struggle to what seems as backstage but travel back into the closet where the episode first began. Angelica yells at them, saying that they have to stay away from her items for the next "bazillion" years. They are now babies again and they are glad that Angelica will be nicer to them in ten more years, but he spoke too soon. Angelica finds Dil's drool over her player and reaches her breaking point, chasing the babies for the rest of the episode screaming "Aunt Didi!" Chuckie asks Tommy if ten years will take a long time. The episode ends shortly afterward, and Angelica's scream of "Aunt Didi!" is heard again as this happens.
In Alberta, Canada's Jasper National Park, Kate begins Alpha school with her father and grows up as a fully trained Alpha. On her first hunt, she crosses paths with two wolves from the Eastern pack who are lacking food in their own territory and nearly start a war. The two packs have had a bitter rivalry ever since Tony commanded the Eastern wolves to cross over into Western territory to get sufficient food. Winston and Tony meet up one night and arrange for Kate to marry Garth, Tony's son. Kate, having a sense of responsibility and duty, agrees for the good of the pack and meets Garth at the Moonlight Howl. Garth seems perfect, except that he has a terrible howl and is not very bright. Kate, taken aback, leaves and has a talk with Humphrey about Garth, when suddenly they are tranquilized by some park rangers and taken away to Sawtooth National Recreation Area in Idaho, where they meet golfer Marcel and his caddy Paddy. Humphrey and Kate learn that they were relocated to repopulate the species. This horrifies Kate, but intrigues Humphrey so that he can be with Kate, but after coming to an agreement, Marcel and Paddy help the wolves return home to Jasper Park. The two packs discover that Kate has gone missing. Tony warns Winston that on the next full moon if Kate doesn't return to marry Garth, war will be declared for their territory. Kate's sister Lilly however has developed a crush on Garth and suggests that she show him around until Kate gets back. Kate and Humphrey's ride home is cut short at a gas station, where Humphrey is mistaken for a rabid wolf after he eats a cream-filled cupcake, which a French bulldog had seen. Kate attacks a man with the gun, and they both flee into the forest. During their homeward journey, they cross a dangerous ravine with Humphrey saving Kate from a nasty fall. The next morning, Marcel and Paddy find the wolves and direct them to a train over a snowy mountain that will take them to Jasper. Climbing the mountain, Humphrey meets a grizzly bear cub whose never seen wolves, but a mishap gets the cub hurt angering a trio of adult grizzly bears. Kate comes to Humphrey's rescue and after a rough slide down the mountain manage to board the passing train before the bears devour them. During this time, Lilly and Garth are bonding. At the midnight howl, Lilly compassionately teaches Garth how to howl effectively. At the same time, Humphrey and Kate begin to fall in love and howl together while on the train. By this time, the full moon has come and the both packs declare war against each other. As the train passes by Jasper, Kate and Humphrey's exchange of feelings is cut short by the sight of the wolf pack war. Kate stops the fight by declaring she will marry Garth. The next day, a devastated Humphrey bids farewell with Kate, Marcel, and Paddy deciding to leave by himself and Kate also feels the same way. During the ceremony, Kate decides not to marry Garth, declaring her love for Humphrey and Garth declares his own romantic love for Lilly. An Alpha wolf marrying an Omega wolf goes against pack customs and a conflict ensues between the packs, but is cut short when a massive stampede of caribou comes. Winston and Tony get caught in the stampede but Kate and Humphrey rush in to save them. But Kate gets knocked unconscious by the caribou. Humphrey saves her life by throwing himself over her and protecting her body with his. After the stampede, Kate is believed to be dead, and Humphrey howls in sadness, causing all the other wolves to howl. But Kate wakes, making everyone, especially Humphrey, happy again. Later at the Moonlight Howl, all of the wolves celebrate the love of Kate to Humphrey, and Garth to Lilly, breaking the social classes and traditions. Humphrey and Kate sing a duet.
In Alberta, Canada's Jasper National Park, Kate begins Alpha school with her father and grows up as a fully trained Alpha. On her first hunt, she crosses paths with two wolves from the Eastern pack who are lacking food in their own territory and nearly start a war. The two packs have had a bitter rivalry ever since Tony commanded the Eastern wolves to cross over into Western territory to get sufficient food. Winston and Tony meet up one night and arrange for Kate to marry Garth, Tony's son. Kate, having a sense of responsibility and duty, agrees for the good of the pack and meets Garth at the Moonlight Howl. Garth seems perfect, except that he has a terrible howl and is not very bright. Kate, taken aback, leaves and has a talk with Humphrey about Garth, when suddenly they are tranquilized by some park rangers and taken away to Sawtooth National Recreation Area in Idaho, where they meet golfer Marcel and his caddy Paddy. Humphrey and Kate learn that they were relocated to repopulate the species. This horrifies Kate, but intrigues Humphrey so that he can be with Kate, but after coming to an agreement, Marcel and Paddy help the wolves return home to Jasper Park. The two packs discover that Kate has gone missing. Tony warns Winston that on the next full moon if Kate doesn't return to marry Garth, war will be declared for their territory. Kate's sister Lilly however has developed a crush on Garth and suggests that she show him around until Kate gets back. Kate and Humphrey's ride home is cut short at a gas station, where Humphrey is mistaken for a rabid wolf after he eats a cream-filled cupcake, which a French bulldog had seen. Kate attacks a man with the gun, and they both flee into the forest. During their homeward journey, they cross a dangerous ravine with Humphrey saving Kate from a nasty fall. The next morning, Marcel and Paddy find the wolves and direct them to a train over a snowy mountain that will take them to Jasper. Climbing the mountain, Humphrey meets a grizzly bear cub whose never seen wolves, but a mishap gets the cub hurt angering a trio of adult grizzly bears. Kate comes to Humphrey's rescue and after a rough slide down the mountain manage to board the passing train before the bears devour them. During this time, Lilly and Garth are bonding. At the midnight howl, Lilly compassionately teaches Garth how to howl effectively. At the same time, Humphrey and Kate begin to fall in love and howl together while on the train. By this time, the full moon has come and the both packs declare war against each other. As the train passes by Jasper, Kate and Humphrey's exchange of feelings is cut short by the sight of the wolf pack war. Kate stops the fight by declaring she will marry Garth. The next day, a devastated Humphrey bids farewell with Kate, Marcel, and Paddy deciding to leave by himself and Kate also feels the same way. During the ceremony, Kate decides not to marry Garth, declaring her love for Humphrey and Garth declares his own romantic love for Lilly. An Alpha wolf marrying an Omega wolf goes against pack customs and a conflict ensues between the packs, but is cut short when a massive stampede of caribou comes. Winston and Tony get caught in the stampede but Kate and Humphrey rush in to save them. But Kate gets knocked unconscious by the caribou. Humphrey saves her life by throwing himself over her and protecting her body with his. After the stampede, Kate is believed to be dead, and Humphrey howls in sadness, causing all the other wolves to howl. But Kate wakes, making everyone, especially Humphrey, happy again. Later at the Moonlight Howl, all of the wolves celebrate the love of Kate to Humphrey, and Garth to Lilly, breaking the social classes and traditions. Humphrey and Kate sing a duet.
Dave, The Chipmunks, and The Chipettes, go on a vacation on a cruise ship. The Chipmunks and the Chipettes, and especially Alvin, end up creating pandemonium. Later that night, after Dave leaves to eat at the captain's table and apologize for Alvin's behavior, Alvin sneaks out to the ship's casino, followed by Simon, who hopes to keep Alvin out of further exposure; meanwhile the Chipettes go to the ship's dance club, leaving Theodore alone in the room, watching an unsuitable monster movie. Dave discovers that his old boss, Ian Hawke, is working as the ship's safety monitor dressed as a pelican, and is out to inform the captain if the Chipmunks and Chipettes cause more problems. Simon and Alvin are eventually caught in the casino, and are brought back to the room, along with the Chipettes, and all are accused by Dave for not being trustworthy. The next day, Alvin goes para-sailing on a kite, but the kite flies away with him and the other Chipmunks. Dave goes on a hang-glider to find them but Ian attempts to stop him, and they both end up in the Pacific Ocean. Meanwhile, the Chipmunks find an island, and they sleep for the night. Dave enlists Ian's help to find the same island and begin looking for the Chipmunks. The next morning, the Chipmunks go and find food and while doing so, an island castaway named Zoe shows up and sees the Chipmunks and Chipettes for the first time. They then go to Zoe's tree house, where Eleanor sprains her ankle after falling off a zip line, and Simon gets bitten by a spider, the side effects including personality changes and loss of inhibition. The morning after, everyone observes Simon's personality has changed, and he has no memory of being Simon; he also thinks he is a French adventurous chipmunk named Simone. "Simone" becomes attracted to Jeanette, but does not take as kindly to Alvin and Brittany. Later, Zoe takes Simone, Jeanette, Eleanor, and Theodore to a lake with a waterfall, and Simone finds a cave. He returns with a gold bracelet which he gives to Jeanette as a crown. Brittany and Alvin, having become the "responsible" ones, see an active volcano the next day, and they decide that they have to leave the island with the others. Theodore and "Simone" find Dave and Ian, and they go to meet with the other chipmunks. With Alvin and Brittany in charge, they are all assigned jobs to build a raft to leave the island. When Jeanette and "Simone" go and look for food, "Simone" is knocked unconscious, and Jeanette is kidnapped; "Simone" reverts to Simon afterward. Everyone finds Simon awake, and he cannot remember anything since the change. They discover that Zoe has taken Jeanette, and they head towards the waterfall. When they approached the tree log to cross, Dave and Alvin decide that they will go and find Jeanette. As Zoe encourages Jeanette to find the treasure in the cave by tying her to a rope, Alvin and Dave come to her rescue. The island begins to rumble again, as Zoe lets go of the rope, and Jeanette runs with Dave and Alvin back to the raft, but is pulled back at the log bridge. Simon swings in to help Jeanette before Alvin can cut the ropes with Swiss Army Knife. Dave is left hanging from the log when it almost gives away. Alvin and Ian convince Zoe to help save Dave. They then run towards the raft and escape the eruption. While on the raft, Zoe apologizes to Jeanette for kidnapping her and forcing her to retrieve the treasure. As a gift, Jeanette gives Zoe the gold bracelet that Simon had given to her. Alvin reconciles with Dave, and they are rescued. The Chipmunks and Chipettes perform at the International Music Awards. Ian also starts a new career as a screenwriter by selling a screenplay about Zoe's story to Hollywood, earning him his wealth back. In a post-credits scene, the Chipmunks, the Chipettes, and Dave are on a plane heading back home. Alvin is speaking on the pilot's microphone and tricks the passengers into thinking that the aircraft's destination is Timbuktu. Meanwhile, a stewardess keeps instructing Dave to sit down as the plane is about to take off. Alvin accidentally pushes the food cart, which hits Dave leading to him doing the catchphrase.
Alvin, Simon, and Theodore, along with the Chipettes - Brittany, Jeanette, and Eleanor, set up a surprise birthday bash for Dave that also serves as a good-luck party for the Chipettes, who are scheduled to be guest judges on American Idol. Alvin invites and hires many people and celebrities to the dismay of Simon before Dave returns home in dissatisfaction. Nevertheless, Dave agrees to take them to mini-golf, and meet Samantha, the woman he has been dating for the past few months. While the Chipmunks like Samantha, her son Miles is a bully who physically abuses the trio. Later, the Chipmunks find an engagement ring in a bag Dave brought home and believe that he is going to propose to Samantha. They try to steal the ring, but are unsuccessful. Dave has to produce a record for rising pop artist Ashley Grey in Miami, and decides to bring Samantha along with him. The Chipmunks and Miles are staying together, but they agree to head to Miami to sabotage the proposal. The Chipmunks drug three squirrels and dress them up in their clothes to fool their hard-of-seeing neighbor Ms. Price, who was asked to look after them. The Chipmunks travel on a plane, but Theodore lets out a monkey, which then lets out several animals which cause an emergency landing and bring the ire of unscrupulous Air Marshal James Suggs, who resents the Chipmunks because Suggs' girlfriend left him for being so into them at the time. As a result, they are put on the No Fly List. The Chipmunks head to a bar and perform, but this is interrupted by Suggs, and they cause a bar brawl as a diversion. They jump into a cab sitting outside. After the cab driver learns that they cannot pay him, he kicks the four out of the cab. The Chipmunks and Miles rest, and he reveals that his dad left him when he was five years old. They raise money to take a bus to New Orleans, and sing "Uptown Funk" at the Mardi Gras parade, which gets the attention of Dave when it is broadcast on live television and allows for the Chipmunks to cause Suggs, who has followed them to New Orleans, to get drunk on moonshine. Dave and Samantha meet Miles and the Chipmunks at Louis Armstrong New Orleans International Airport and proceed to take them to Miami. Because the Chipmunks are now on the No Fly List, Dave has to drive the boys over. When they get there, Alvin reveals that he stole the ring from the container, thus ruining the proposal. However, Miles had bonded with the Chipmunks and was upset that they were celebrating over this. He crosses the street with his headphones on and is almost hit by a car, but the Chipmunks swing Theodore and push Miles out of the way, saving his life. They agree to give the ring back. During the dinner, Suggs catches up with the Chipmunks, but they trap him in an elevator. Miles and the Chipmunks return the ring to Dave, who reveals he never intended to propose to Samantha for the time being, and the ring belonged to his friend Barry, who is proposing to his girlfriend, Alice. Dave is very disappointed in the Chipmunks, so they try to make it up to him by singing a new song to him at the launch party with the help of the Chipettes, Ashley and Miles. Having forgiven them, Dave returns home with the Chipmunks and takes them to a courthouse, where he officially adopts them. Dave says that nothing could ruin his day, but after he returns home, he sees that the boys had destroyed everything. He then screams "Alvin!". In a midcredits scene, Suggs has escaped the elevator and decides to relax by the pool. Since he refuses to move, two security guards carry him out of the hotel.
The Chipmunks are performing at a theme park called Majestic Movie Studios. While taking a break from their concert, the Chipmunks get lost, and eventually get locked inside the park. They find their way to the "Frankenstein's Castle" attraction, where a real Dr. Victor Frankenstein is working on his monster. The monster is brought to life, and the doctor sends it in pursuit of the Chipmunks. In their escape, the monster retrieves Theodore's dropped teddy bear. The monster follows the Chipmunks home and returns the bear to Theodore, who quickly befriends him. The Chipmunks learn that the monster is truly good-hearted. Dave goes to the park to book a concert that night to celebrate the premiere of an anticipated film. Dr. Frankenstein tracks Frankie to the Chipmunks' home, and, angered at the monster's benevolence, kidnaps Alvin. Simon, Theodore, and Frankie hurry back to the park to rescue Alvin. Dr. Frankenstein force feeds Alvin a potion and induces a powerful electrical shock. Alvin is released by Frankie, and after Simon swipes the doctor's potions book, the four of them escape back into the park. Shortly after, the process Alvin underwent takes effect, transforming Alvin into a zany cartoon monster. Alvin escapes to the premiere, causing chaos and havoc in his path. Using the potions book, Simon and Theodore mix an antidote using various food items from a buffet, and feed it to Alvin during his rampage. Alvin returns to normal, and the Chipmunks go to perform their concert. Before the concert begins, Dr. Frankenstein attempts to transform Alvin back to his monster self, but is thwarted by Frankie, which leads to an explosion. After the smoke clears, Theodore introduces Frankie to the public, promising that Frankie will bring no harm if treated kindly. Meanwhile, Dr. Frankenstein is revealed to have been given the job of being the studio's mascot, Sammy Squirrel, much to his dissatisfaction, as he is trying to get the mascot's head off in a last ditch effort to kidnap Alvin.
The movie begins with Alvin having nightmares of meeting the Wolfman, leading to him wake up screaming in fear. Simon and Dave conclude that Alvin's been watching too many horror films at night. Alvin says that it is because their new neighbor, Lawrence Talbot, creeps him out and speculates that he is hiding something. Theodore is having trouble with Nathan, a bully, and will not go to the principal, who plans to retire due to Alvin's daily mishaps, for help. However, Alvin sticks up for him. Their school is rehearsing the play for the famous horror story Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde by Robert Louis Stevenson. When yet another accident caused by Alvin when mixing unknown chemicals that result in a huge explosion and mess of the school auditorium, Principal Milliken and Dave decide that Alvin be pulled out of his role as Mr. Hyde. To boost his self-esteem, they decide to have Theodore replace the role. Meanwhile, Alvin and Simon are out in search of proof of werewolves. Meanwhile, no one believes that Theodore is scary enough to play the role of Mr. Hyde. However, that all changes after he gets bit by a large dog on his way home after giving a necklace as a gift to Eleanor, whom he is harboring a secret crush on. The next day at the rehearsal, Theodore does an extremely terrifying impression of Mr. Hyde. Despite this triumph, Theodore's personality continues to drastically change, becoming more vicious and mean. With their brother now a werewolf, Alvin and Simon search for a way to help Theodore and save the school play without Dave finding out the truth. Despite their best efforts, they find no solution. They eventually decide to take up some advice from known psychic Madame Raya. She says that Theodore is already close to the animal state and will turn into a werewolf soon enough. Simon and Alvin ask her if there is any way to cure him. She suggests knocking him with a silver cane while he is still a "puppy" before the next full moon when the transformation will be complete. Heeding this advice, Alvin breaks into Mr. Talbot's home and steals his silver cane. However, as he runs away with it, he knocks into Dave. That night, Dave goes to see Mr. Talbot to apologize and explain everything to him. However, during the conversation, the full moon rises and he transforms into a werewolf. Terrified, Dave runs to the school to warn the boys. However, he runs into a pole, knocking him unconscious. Having followed Dave to the school, Mr. Talbot makes his way inside. During the play, Theodore changes into a werewolf while on set and starts to attack Eleanor. However, after cornering her, the necklace Theodore gave her earlier shines by the moon, causing Theodore to remember his feelings towards her and to flee. Eleanor follows him, determined to help him, only to almost be attacked by Mr. Talbot, who was the original werewolf that bit Theodore. Theodore quickly defends her and attacks Mr. Talbot, biting him during the struggle. As a result of the bite, Mr. Talbot changes back into a human and Theodore back into a chipmunk. Confused by what happened, Simon explains to everyone how the bite cured them by causing the effect to reverse on them both. With the happy news delivered, Alvin quickly runs up to the stage to join in the applause by the crowd, who believes the entire incident was just an act. At the wrap party, they find out Mr. Talbot is going to be their new principal. Having woke up, Dave shows up as he gives his speech about his new position and nearly attacks him. The boys quickly explain that Theodore took care of everything, leaving Dave impressed and proud of him. As Dave hugs Theodore, Mr. Talbot thanks him. The Chipmunks and Chipettes end the wrap party by doing their famous performances, and soon everyone else follow the rhythm as the movie ends with Everything's Gonna Be Alright.
Chrissa Maxwell and her family move from Iowa to Minnesota in order to be closer to Chrissa's grandmother, Louise "Nana" Hanlon, after their grandfather died. At her new school, Chrissa has a hard time making friends and soon finds herself bullied by Tara James, Sonali Matthews and Jayden Johnson, a trio of girls called the Mean Bees. Chrissa tries to befriend another girl, Gwen Thompson, who is also being bullied by Tara, Sonali and Jayden. Gwen avoids Chrissa at first, but Chrissa later finds out that Gwen avoided her because she was homeless and ashamed of it; Chrissa and Gwen then become best friends. Later, Gwen told Chrissa in the music room that her mom got a job and they're moving into an apartment. Tara, Jayden, and Sonali overheard the conversation between them. Gwen asked Chrissa to cut her bangs for her in the bathroom. Tara, Jayden, and Sonali came in and Tara offered Gwen to cut it for her. She purposely did a terrible job, telling Gwen she really looks like a homeless person. Gwen got mad at Chrissa because she thinks that Chrissa told Tara that Gwen is homeless. The other girls are sent to the principal's office by Mrs. Ziminsky, who demands the truth. Tara lies and says that Chrissa told her about Gwen being homeless; Jayden also lies and says that she didn't see anything. However, Sonali tells Mrs. Zimisky the truth about what happened. The principal suspends Tara, Sonali and Jayden - Tara for 3 days, and Sonali and Jayden for only a day. After her suspension, Sonali apologizes to Gwen about all the mean things she has done to her, and leaves Tara and Jayden, then befriending Chrissa and Gwen. After the incident, the bullying gets more intense. Posters and rumors about Chrissa on the Internet are passed around by Tara and Jayden. Chrissa quits her school swim team as a result of being picked on, as well as an incident that involved her older brother, Tyler. Chrissa gets advice from Mrs. Rundell, her art teacher, to tell her parents about the bullying. After she tells her parents, they reply that sometimes, bullies are mean, because they want to feel better about themselves, and try to do so by insulting others and putting them down. With her newfound confidence, Chrissa and her friends show everyone that they are happy with who they are by doing fun things such as wearing homemade painted headbands. Their happiness and confidence annoys Tara and Jayden, but the girls did not care. Chrissa decides to do a project to make people aware that many kids are bullied, which Tara begrudgingly knows to have something to do with her, and rejoins the swim team. The big swim competition approaches, and she realizes that she and Tara have to work together if they want to win the relay. Although Tara is reluctant, Chrissa assures her that though they may not be best friends, they can still work together to win. Their teamwork earns them their victory, and they reconcile and hug. The 4th grade class present their project about how bullying affects everyone and how friendship can overcome bullying. One of Chrissa's best friends, Amanda, visits her for the summer; Amanda befriends Sonali and Gwen, and the four become best friends.
Shortly after immigrating to the United States in 1885, the impoverished Mousekewitz family discovers that conditions are not as ideal as they had hoped, as they find themselves still struggling against the attacks of mouse-hungry cats. Fievel spends his days thinking about the Wild West dog-sheriff Wylie Burp, while his older sister, Tanya, dreams of becoming a singer. Meanwhile, Tiger's girlfriend, Miss Kitty, leaves him to find a new life out west, remarking that perhaps she is looking for "a cat that's more like a dog." Soon after, Cat R. Waul, an aristocrat cat forces the mice into the sewers, including the Mousekewitzes. Using a mouse marionette, Cat R. Waul entices the mice into moving yet again to a better life out west. Tiger chases the train, trying to catch up with his friends, but is thrown off course by a pack of angry dogs. While on the train, Fievel wanders into the livestock car, where he overhears the cats revealing their plot to turn them into "mouse burgers." After being discovered, he is thrown from the train by Cat R.'s hench-spider, T.R. Chula, landing him in the middle of the desert. His family is devastated once again over his loss and arrive in Green River, Utah with heavy hearts. Upon arrival at Green River, Chula blocks up the water tower, drying up the river. Cat R. approaches the mice and proposes to build a new saloon together, although intending to trick the mice into doing the bulk of the work and then eat them afterwards. Meanwhile, Fievel is wandering aimlessly through the desert, as is Tiger, who has found his way out west as well, and they pass each other. However, they each figure that the other is a mirage and continue on their separate ways. Tiger is captured by mouse Indians and hailed as a god. Fievel is picked up by a hawk, dropped over the mouse Indian village and reunites with Tiger. Tiger chooses to stay in while Fievel catches a passing tumbleweed, which takes him to Green River. As soon as he makes his arrival, he quickly reunites with his family but is unable to convince them of Cat R.'s plans to kill them. However, Cat R. hears Tanya singing and is enchanted by her voice. He sends Tanya to Miss Kitty, who is now a saloon-girl cat, and she reveals that she came at Cat R.'s request. He tells Miss Kitty to put her on stage. With a little encouragement from Miss Kitty, she pulls off a performance for the cats. Meanwhile, Fievel is chased by Chula and briefly taken prisoner, but flees. While walking out of town, Fievel stops to talk with an elderly bloodhound sleeping outside the jail, discovering that he is actually Wylie Burp. Fievel convinces him to help and train Tiger as a lawman and as a dog. Tiger is reluctant at first, but relents at the suggestion that a new persona might win back Miss Kitty. They go back to Green River to fight the cats, who attempt to kill the mice at sunset during the opening of Cat R.'s saloon using a giant mouse trap. Tiger, Wylie and Fievel intervene and battle the cats. When Chula threatens to kill Miss Kitty, however, Tiger rescues her and uses a pitchfork and Chula's web as a lasso with him trapped on it to hurtle Cat R. and his men out of town by having them piled on part of the trap, which the heroes use as a catapult. The cats fly into the air and land into a mailbag, which a passing train picks up and leaves. Enamored by his new personality, Miss Kitty and Tiger are reunited. Tanya becomes a famous singer and the water tower flows with 9,000 gallons of water again, making Green River bloom with thousands of flowers. Fievel finds Wylie away from the party who hands him his sheriff badge. Fievel is unsure about taking it, but realizes that his journey is not over.
The film stars Harry Connick Jr. as the history professor Michael, who as a child loved Christmas, but after a tragic accident, his holiday spirit was crushed. As a grown up, he still can't find the joy of Christmas. But as his son faces a tragedy, he needs to find his holiday spirit again. He gets a push in the right direction when he meets a man named Nick, who gives him a gift that helps him find the joy of Christmas again.
The Westfield Angels high school football team have not won a game in years. Jesse Harper is their best player and is playing as tailback, shedding a new light for the team. After a terrible accident in a rainstorm in which his father, Peter Harper, dies, he feels lonely and quits the team. Peter was actually a football star in his high school days. On the night that Jesse quits, Kevin, his younger brother, confronts him and tells him that football was a major part of his life. He tells him that he belongs in the team. He responds by saying that the only way he would get back into it is if it starts winning. Kevin prays to the angels to come and help the team to win some games, so that Jesse would start playing again. The next day, they come. They are headed by Al, the only returning character from Angels in the Outfield. Kevin is the only one who can see them, though. Game after game after game, Westfield keep winning with the angels' help. Kevin becomes a "lucky charm" for his brother's football team, since he can tell Coach Buck what the angels need. At the same time somewhere else, Jesse begins to associate with some really bad people. At one point in the film, he distracts a window washer at the gas station as his "shady" friends rob the cash registers. After Jesse pays him, he leaves his wallet behind. The station attendant picks it up and has the police visit the Harpers' home. The championship game is the following day, and Coach Buck asks Jesse if he could possibly come back to the team and play. He accepts, since now he has confidence that they can win. The climax of this film comes on the day of the championship game, coincidentally between the Westfield Angels and the Screaming Demons. However, Kevin is facing a slight predicament, because there is a sort of "heavenly law" that angels can't help in championship games. In the end, he motivates the team by spontaneously flapping his arms like an angel. Soon, the entire football field is filled with people doing the same thing. Jesse starts to run for a 60-yard touchdown remembering the words of his father. As Jesse scores the touchdown, he sees the spirit of his father. Jesse hugs his father and transcends to the team cheering and lifting up Jesse and Kevin.
At the outset of the movie, Nanu emerges from the cave where she was born along with her brother, just born as well, and their mother. The two polar bear cubs play in the snow for a while until returning to their snow cave. The next day, the cubs start learning from their mother how to survive in the wild. One of the first things they find out by watching their mother is to stay away from grown male polar bears who are apt to kill them. Seela is shown in the water just after birth with her mother and "Auntie" who helps protect the walrus calf during her early life. For her first life lesson, Seela is taught how to hoist herself onto an ice floe from the water without any help except watching her mother do the same. During this time, Auntie watches for predators. When a male polar bear comes along and starts swimming towards the walruses, Seela and her mother try to get away from him, but must rely on Auntie's help to stave off the polar bear's attack. Next for the polar bear cubs is learning how to hunt for food. Their mother teaches them how to hunt for a fur seal by stamping down on the ice where she can smell the seal in a small cave underneath. After one failed attempt diving into the water, the mother gets the seal by this stamping method, so her cubs and a fox trailing them can eat the meat. Meanwhile, the young walrus feasts on clams for three days with the rest of its herd on a clam bed they might revisit in another five years. The two animals then take similar paths. They have to travel because shorter winters mean ice that freezes later and melts sooner, making it harder to survive and eat as the water of Arctic Ocean expands. Interestingly, male polar bears pose a threat to both of the main creatures, as the cubs have to navigate around him and the walruses try to get away from being prey. After Nanu's brother dies, Nanu has to leave her mother earlier than is customary because of the changing climate conditions, but she still has trouble finding food on her own. Eventually, she finds a male bear who has killed a walrus, identified as Auntie, and aggressively persuades the male to let her share on the feast. Finally being attracted to animals of the opposite sex, Nanu finds a mate whom she is seen playing with on screen. Seela waits until a particular male walrus's song appeals to her before diving into the water to meet him. Arctic Tale closes with the cycle being complete, as Nanu gives birth to two cubs of her own and Seela gives birth to a female calf.
Children Lindsey and Kevin Kingston sabotage the relationships of their divorced mother, determined to keep her single until their parents reconcile. Nick Persons, a child-hating businessman, purchases an expensive SUV and boasts with his beloved bobble-head of Satchel Paige, who comes to life at its own will  though only Nick can see or hear him. When he reaches his shop, he witnesses the woman of his dreams, Suzanne Kingston. On his way to talk to her, he is disgusted to find she has two kids, who turn out to be Lindsey and Kevin. Later that night, Nick runs into Suzanne on his way home, asking for a jump start because her car has broken down. After receiving an electric shock, he agrees to take her home, and once there, agrees to transport her wherever she needs to go. On New Year's Eve, he brings her to an airport to go to Vancouver for a business meeting, but her ex-husband calls to say he is sick and cannot bring the children to the airport, leaving her to put her trust in Nick. Once at her house, he meets Kevin and Lindsey for the second time and gives them "gifts". They go to the airport to park, where Kevin accidentally damages Nick's car door. Nick yells at Kevin, making him cry, but bribes him with 10 dollars to make sure he doesn't get in trouble by the police. Inside the airport, Nick is tackled by security after Kevin learns that corkscrews are illegal to bring on planes so he ditches the item in Nick's jacket pocket. After taking a train instead, the two kids jump off to collect a toy just as Nick boards, forcing him to jump off and land unsafely. When they lose their luggage, they reluctantly drive. Believing Nick is only their mother's friend, the kids are tamed but still misbehave and show Nick no respect. At a truck stop, the two learn from one of Nick's friends on his cell phone that he not only dislikes them, but also lied about not having feelings for their mother. They then show less restraint and cause mayhem throughout the trip, hijacking Nick's car by having Kevin fake an asthmatic attack, injuring Nick in the testicles with a plastic axe, signalling to truck driver Al Buck that they have been kidnapped, and ultimately running away to visit their father. Nick pursues them on a horse but falls off. Once they arrive, however, they learn their father has not only moved on, but has a new family. Feeling betrayed and abandoned, they warm up to Nick, as he does with them; Nick tells them his father also abandoned him. Along the rest of the trip, the three still find themselves in several mishaps, but each setback only strengthens their relationship. At one point, Kevin has to get an asthma refill from a pharmacist working as a clown at a chaotic children's New Year's Eve party, and during this, Lindsey reveals her singing talent. Their bond is ultimately tested when Nick's car is inadvertently set on fire and explodes after Nick loses his keys by getting into a fight with a deer due to Lindsey scaring it with a camera flash and tries to hotwire it. Nick angrily blames the kids by pretending it was their fault making them cry but calms down and apologizes immediately afterwards. The trio tries to hitch a ride from Al Buck, but he leaves Nick behind and drives off, still thinking Nick is a kidnapper. To Al's surprise, the kids physically attack him in the van, leading to a chase that ends when in Vancouver, where Nick fights Al, along with several men dressed as snowmen. During the fight, Kevin has an asthma attack and collapses. Nick rushes to his aid and revives him. Witnessing the event, Suzanne believes trusting Nick was a mistake. After encouragement from Satchel, Nick goes to Suzanne's hotel to tell her and the kids farewell for good. After Suzanne realizes how much Nick and the kids have grown to care for each other, Suzanne realizes that Nick is the one for her, and they kiss on New Year's Eve during the fireworks at Lindsey's suggestion.
In 1890, England, a Chinese man, Lau Xing, robs the Bank of England. To evade the police, Xing becomes the valet for Phileas Fogg, an inventor, taking the pseudonym Passepartout. Phileas, just before Xing arrived, had been trying to break the 50-mph speed barrier, and after succeeding with the help of Passepartout, they head to the Royal Academy of Science. There, Fogg is insulted by the other "brilliant minds", in particular Lord Kelvin, who believes that everything worth discovering has already been discovered. After a debate between the scientists about the bank thief, Phileas is pressured into a bet to see whether he can travel around the world in 80 days. If he wins, he will become Minister of Science in Lord Kelvin's place, if not, he will destroy his lab and never invent anything again. Phileas and Xing start their journey around the world, taking a carriage and leaving London after a confrontation with Inspector Fix, a corrupt officer hired by Lord Kelvin to stop them. Xing and Phileas journey to Paris, France. Pretending to take Phileas to a convention with Thomas Edison, Xing leads him to an art school where Phileas meets Monique La Roche, a would-be impressionist. There, Xing is attacked by disguised warriors, the Black Scorpions, sent by General Fang, a warlord from China who is after the Jade Buddha that he stole. Fang had previously given it to Kelvin in exchange for military assistance in China. When Monique learns of Phileas's ambition, she convinces them to take her with them. They depart in a hot-air balloon, chased by Fang's warriors. Whilst on the Orient Express, Monique learns that Xing is trying to return the Jade Buddha back to his village, and is travelling with Phileas to get there quickly. Monique keeps his secret in exchange for him convincing Phileas to let her travel with him. They travel to Turkey, where the train stops. Guards climb onboard and inform the trio that they are greeted by Prince Hapi. During the Prince's banquet, he orders Monique to stay as his seventh wife while the men are ordered to leave. The men blackmail Prince Hapi into releasing Monique using a prized but apparently flimsy "The Thinker" statue of the Prince. The statue is destroyed, much to Hapi's anger, but the trio escape from the guards. Lord Kelvin, learning that Phileas has been abetting a thief's escape, orders the British colonial authorities in India to arrest both. Xing notices this and warns his companions, disguising themselves as Indian women to evade capture and successfully flee to China. On the train Xing tells the story of the Ten Tigers of Canton to children. Fogg tells him legends are meaningless and Xing tells him that him traveling around the world in eighty days is a legend. Xing leads his friends to his village, Lanzhou, where they are happily greeted. Phileas, however, finds out Xing stole the Jade Buddha and leaves, but is immediately captured along with Xing and Monique by the Black Scorpions. With them is a man who was imprisoned for public urination. Xing challenges the leader of the group to a fight, during which he is joined by the martial arts masters of the "Ten Tigers of Canton", of which Xing is a member. The Tigers drive the Black Scorpions from the village and free the Westerners. The Buddha is returned to the village temple. Phileas, feeling used by Xing and Monique, leaves for San Francisco, United States, alone, only to be proven wrong when the latter decide to help him win his bet. In New York City, Fang's disguised minions trick the trio to an ambush site. Fang reveals the nature of their arrangements with Lord Kelvin to take Lanzhou and tap the jade reserves underneath it. A battle against Fang and her minions commences in the workshop where the Statue of Liberty is being constructed, resulting in Phileas missing a boat to help Xing. Fang's minions were defeated and Xing nearly dies to save Phileas. Fang also survived but was knocked out by Monique with a punch and Xing joked that she was the 11th Tiger. Phileas feels he has lost, but the other two say they may still make it if they catch the next ship. They board an old ship and Phileas convinces the captain to let him build a plane out of the ship's old wood in exchange for a new ship. Using an altered version of the Wright brothers' plans, Phileas builds the plane while the ship's crew builds a catapult to launch it into the sky. They reach London, where the machine falls apart and they crash in front of the Royal Academy. Lord Kelvin sends police to arrest them for robbing the bank, in order to stop them from making it to the top step of the Academy, and proclaims himself the victor when Big Ben strikes noon, seemingly ending the wager. Monique, Fix and other ministers attest to Kelvin's unfair methods and his bullying nature, but Kelvin scoffs at them. In the process he insults Queen Victoria, who arrives on the scene. She learned that he had sold her arsenal to Fang in exchange for jade mines in China thanks to one of his aides. Kelvin is arrested and sent to prison, and Phileas realizes he is one day early thanks to crossing the international date line. He victoriously ascends the stairs of the Academy and kisses Monique.
A boy named Sh tells the audience he still remembers the week in summer he spent at his mother's childhood home with his maternal great aunt, Sadako, and the house maid, Haru. When Sh arrives at the house on the first day, he sees a cat, Niya, trying to attack something in the bushes but it gives up after it is attacked by a crow. Sh gets a glimpse of Arrietty, a young Borrower girl, returning to her home through an underground air vent. At night, Arrietty's father, Pod, takes her on her first "borrowing" mission, to get sugar and tissue paper. After obtaining a sugar cube from the kitchen, they travel inside a hollow wall to a bedroom which they enter through an intriguing dollhouse with working electric lights and kitchen utensils. However, it is Sh's bedroom; he lies awake and sees Arrietty when she tries to take a tissue from his night table. Startled, she drops the sugar cube. Sh tries to comfort her, but Pod and Arrietty quietly leave and go home. The next day, Sh puts the sugar cube and a little note beside the air vent where he first saw Arrietty. Pod warns Arrietty not to take it because their existence must be kept secret from humans. Nevertheless, she sneaks out to visit Sh in his bedroom. She drops the sugar cube on the floor, letting him know that she is there. Without showing herself, she tells Sh to leave her family alone and that they do not need his help. On her return, Arrietty is intercepted by her father. Realizing they have been detected, Pod and his wife Homily decide that they must move out. Sh learns from Sadako that some of his ancestors had noticed the presence of Borrowers in the house and had the dollhouse custom-built for them. The Borrowers had not been seen since, however. Pod returns injured from a borrowing mission and is helped home by Spiller, a Borrower boy he met on the way. He informs them that there are other places the Borrowers could move to. While Pod is recovering, Sh removes the floorboard concealing the Borrower household and replaces their kitchen with the kitchen from the dollhouse, to show he hopes them to stay. However, the Borrowers are frightened by this and instead speed up their moving process. After Pod recovers, he goes to explore possible new living quarters. Arrietty goes to bid farewell to Sh, but in the course of the conversation he suggests to her that the Borrowers are becoming extinct. Arrietty tells him fiercely that they will not give up so easily. Sh apologises that he has forced them to move out and reveals he has had a heart condition since birth and will have an operation in a few days. The operation does not have a good chance of success. He believes that there is nothing he can do about it, saying that eventually every living thing dies. While Sadako is out, Haru notices the floorboards have been disturbed. She unearths the Borrowers' house and captures Homily. Alerted by her mother's screams, Arrietty leaves Sh in the garden and goes to investigate. Saddened by her departure, Sh returns to his room. Haru locks him in and calls a pest removal company to capture the other Borrowers alive. Arrietty comes to Sh for help; they rescue Homily and he destroys all traces of the Borrowers presence. On their way out during the night, the Borrowers are spotted by the cat Niya. Sleepless, Sh goes into the garden for a stroll and the cat leads him to the river, where the Borrowers are waiting for Spiller to take them further. Sh gives Arrietty a sugar cube and tells her that her courage and the Borrowers' fight for survival have made him want to live through the operation. Arrietty gives him her hair clip as a token of remembrance. The Borrowers leave in a floating teapot with Spiller. The Disney international dubbed version contains a final monologue, where Sho states that he never saw Arrietty again and returned to the home a year later, indicating that the operation had been successful. He is happy to hear rumors of objects disappearing in his neighbors' homes.
Flying fish Kevin and his family and friends live happy and carefree life in the depths of Atlantic. But Kevin has a cherished dream - to get to Barbados island, to the flying fish kingdom. Thirst for adventures leads him to the Rock of Fame where a family treasure - a huge pearl is hidden. Kevin gets captured by fishers and then finds himself in an aquarium of a popular Chinese restaurant. It seems that his fate is decided, but suddenly a small boy comes to the aid to Kevin.
In 1946, Lady Mary Craven visits an American orphanage, telling the children about an exchange program that will allow one child to travel to England and stay at Misselthwaite Manor, which is now an orphanage. She meets young Lizzie Buscana, who is in the garden trying to take care of her mother's rose bush. Lady Mary tells Lizzie about the exchange program and the secret garden, whereupon Lizzie agrees to participate so she can see the garden for herself. Lizzie arrives in England and is met at the train station by Martha Sowerby, who runs Misselthwaite Manor. Lizzie quickly discovers that the children are only allowed to be in the garden on Sunday after church and must be on their best behaviour and not touch anything. Making friends with Geraldine, Steven and Robert, Lizzie visits the garden after curfew and realizes that she must help it. Returning to the manor Lizzie notices a fire in Robert's room, caused by Robert having fallen asleep with a candle still lit. After alerting everyone and helping put out the fire, she is questioned by Martha as to why she is still dressed and how she knew there was a fire. Lizzie tells Martha about her illicit visit to the garden, and Martha discovers that Lizzie stole the key to the garden. Martha discovers that Geraldine told Lizzie about the key, but Geraldine believes the key should belong to Lizzie, and that the garden has chosen her, instead of Martha, who could not find the door. Geraldine, who is jealous of Lizzie, learns that Ms. Sowerby gave the key to Lizzie, and persuades Steven to steal it in revenge for Lizzie's rejection of his feelings. When Lizzie finds the key missing, she assumes that Robert has taken it, knowing of his animosity towards her. She goes to find the key with Robert and discovers that it was Steven who took it, on Geraldine's instructions, and threw the key in the pond. Lizzie confronts Geraldine, who initially denies it, but confesses when Martha punishes her for being a liar. Lizzie is told that maybe she does not need the key, because of the magic door. When Martha goes to meet Lady Mary, who has returned to Misselthwaite, she tells Mary of the garden's untended state, even though it has been well-tended in her absence. Lizzie realises that the garden has been starved of children's love and fun; with the help of Robert she gathers the orphans, who run to the quickly-reviving garden. Lady Mary and Sir Colin arrive with Martha and are amazed, as the garden does not look dead as Martha had described. Lizzie tells Lady Mary that the garden needed love and that she should not have it closed. Lady Mary informs Lizzie that the garden belongs to her, and that it took "a girl from across the sea, many years ago" to bring the garden back to life, and that it has taken a girl from across the sea to do it again, and that it is up to her to do as she wishes with the garden. Lizzie announces that the garden will stay open so that all the children can enjoy it.
Balto and his mate Jenna have a new family of six puppies in Alaska. Five of their puppies look like their husky mother, while one pup named Aleu takes her looks from her wolfdog father. When they all reach eight weeks old, all of the other pups are adopted to new homes, but no one wants Aleu due to her wild animal looks, forcing her to live with her father. A year later when she is grown, Aleu is almost killed by a hunter who mistakes her for a wild wolf. Balto tells Aleu the truth about her wolf heritage, causing her to run away, hoping to find her place in the world. Balto then goes out into the Alaskan wilderness to find her. At the same time, Balto has been struggling with strange dreams of a raven and a pack of wolves, and he cannot understand their meaning. Balto resolves to find the meaning of these dreams as he searches for Aleu. His friends Boris, Muk and Luk attempt to join him, but after they are halted by some unknown force, they realize that this journey is meant only for the father and daughter themselves. Taking refuge in a cave, Aleu meets the field mouse Muru, who explains that Aleu should not be ashamed of her lineage, which tells her what she is but not who she is. Muru reveals himself to be Aleu's spirit guide, and tells her to go on a journey of self-discovery. Balto and Aleu reunite and reconcile, and find their way to the ocean, where they are attacked by a group of starving wolves led by Niju. The confrontation is defused by the elderly Nava, the true leader of the pack, who welcomes Balto and Aleu. Nava announces to his pack that the wolf spirit Aniu has contacted him in "dream visions". Aniu has told him that the caribou herd they depend on during the winter has moved across the ocean and will not return, and that they will soon be led by a new leader, "the one who is wolf but does not know". Nava believes that Balto, who is half wolf himself, is the chosen one that Aniu was speaking of. However, Niju refuses to abandon his homeland, and takes control of the pack, and plots to steal from other animal clans in the area to survive the winter. Aleu has a "dream vision" of the caribou herd crossing a bridge made of ice floes. The next morning, Niju prepares to lead an attack on a clan of bears, but is stopped by Balto just as a large group of ice floes in the ocean come together to form a land bridge. Balto then leads the pack across the bridge until Nava falls behind. When Aleu attempts to help Nava, Niju attacks, and Balto doubles back to save them, leaving the pack leaderless. Nava cannot make the journey across the ice in his old age, and Balto tells Niju to go lead the clan. Niju refuses, too afraid to leave his home, and soon returns to the shore. Balto prepares to go to the pack, but Aleu realizes that her true place is to take leadership of the pack as Nava foretold. Balto and Aleu say goodbye to each other before Aleu rejoins the pack and takes over as leader. Back on shore, Nava bids farewell to Balto before going to look for Niju so they can survive together. The raven appears to Balto again, and transforms into Aniu, revealing herself to be his mother before he begins to make his way home.
After his mother is killed by Man, Bambi stumbles upon his father, the Great Prince of the Forest, who takes him back to his den. The Great Prince asks Friend Owl to find a doe to raise Bambi, since his duties are to his herd, but Owl informs him that, because of the harsh winters, the does can barely feed themselves and their young. The Great Prince has no choice but to look after Bambi until the spring. Sometime later, the Great Prince allows Bambi to accompany his friends, Thumper and Flower, to see the Groundhog, whose shadow will foretell if winter will end soon. At the Groundhog ceremony, Bambi meets up with his crush Faline. The Groundhog is coaxed out of his hole, only to be scared back in by Ronno, an older fawn. Ronno tries to impress Faline with stories of his encounter with Man, and the whistles they use to imitate deer. When Bambi believes the story and says it is unbelievable, Ronno takes it as a literal insult and is about to fight Bambi when he is called away by his mother. While the other animals leave, Bambi falls asleep waiting for his father. He wakes up to what appears to be his mother's voice, which calls him into a meadow, but it turns out to be an ambush by Man. The Great Prince comes to Bambi's rescue and both of them escape, but Bambi is yelled at for endangering himself. Days later, Bambi informs Thumper and Flower about his wish to impress his father. They decide to help Bambi learn how to be brave, but in doing so, they encounter a porcupine who sticks his quills into Bambi's backside. Ronno and Faline, hearing the commotion, investigate; Bambi gets into a fight with Ronno when he sees him bothering Faline. Ronno chases him and Thumper through the forest until Bambi leaps to safety over a large ravine. The Great Prince, having seen the whole thing, is impressed by this feat. The next day, Thumper encourages Bambi to talk to the Great Prince, and the two connect. The Great Prince decides to allow Bambi to come along with him on his patrols, and as the days progress, the two get closer. One morning, however, Friend Owl approaches them and introduces them to Mena, a doe that he has selected as Bambi's new mother. Bambi realizes the Great Prince had planned on sending him away and snaps at his father, while the Great Prince concludes that he is not meant to raise Bambi. Bambi sadly accepts the change. On the way to Mena's den, Ronno shows up to taunt Bambi one last time. The two get into another fight that sets off one of Man's traps, which ensnares Mena and alerting Man. While Ronno flees, Bambi saves Mena by leading Man's dogs away from her, as his father arrives and works to set her free. The dogs chase Bambi through the forest, and his friends help him fend them off. Using the techniques the Great Prince taught him, Bambi evades all but one of the dogs. Cornered at the top of a rocky peak by the last dog, Bambi kicks it off a cliff, but falls off as well when it crumbles beneath him. His friends and his father all grieve him until Bambi reveals he is still alive, and he and the Great Prince reconcile. Sometime later, Thumper shares his version of the chase with the rest of his friends, and Bambi, whose antlers have just grown in, enjoys the tall tale with Faline. Ronno appears and vows vengeance on both of them, until he is bitten on the nose by a snapping turtle and runs off, screaming for his mother for help. Bambi eventually leaves to meet up with the Great Prince, who shows Bambi the field where he and Bambi's mother met in childhood.
Elina, a wingless flower fairy, and her puffball friend Bibble watch their fairy friend Dandelion fly with three pixies. The pixies make fun of Elina for having no wings, but Elina ignores their teasing. Dandelion, however, defends Elina by fluttering her wings so hard that the small pixies are blown away. They later come back to warn Dandelion and Elina to go home "where it's safe". This is so they don't get kidnapped by someone named Laverna. Elina thinks that Laverna is a myth, but Dandelion is unsure so she goes home to ask her mother. Elina and Bibble go back to Peony, her flower home. Elina talks to Bibble about what the pixies said, but she thinks Topaz is too powerful to get kidnapped, as she is a guardian. Bibble is asleep, and Elina is still feeling uneasy, but Peony plays a lullaby for her, and she falls asleep. However, Topaz really has been kidnapped by Laverna. Laverna plans to kidnap all of the guardians, and then take over Fairytopia. Laverna calls her minions, Fungus, who reveal Laverna's formula. It had the power to weaken every flying creature in Fairytopia if they breathed it in; they would become so weak they would lose the power to fly. As she speaks, Laverna's minions are in all seven regions of Fairytopia and unleashing the formula. She thinks no one can stop her, as she is the only one with an antidote. Her main plan is to give everyone the antidote, and then everyone will love her for it and let her be their queen. In the morning, Bibble has to wake up Elina because Peony didn't sing to wake them up. Elina goes outside and sees that Peony, as well as all the other fairy homes, are sick. Dandelion comes to see Elina and tells her that some of the fairies are having trouble flying, and Topaz is gone; the closest guardian is Azura, and she is far away, in Fairytown. Elina thinks that she has to go to Fairytown to see Azura, but Dandelion doesn't think it is a good idea; Elina has never left the meadow before, and it takes hours to get to Fairytown, even if you have wings. Elina really thinks she can't actually get there, but Bibble and Dandelion volunteer to join her, and they leave the Magic Meadow. The trio enter a spooky forest and Dandelion flies up high to see if she can see a way out. When she is higher up, she breathes in some of Laverna's formula and can't fly. Elina realizes that Dandelion is getting sick, and it would be too hard for Dandelion to walk like Elina, as Elina was used to walking. She urges Dandelion to go home before dark to avoid panicking her mother, so Dandelion leaves Elina and Bibble. Meanwhile, Laverna has kidnapped another guardian: Ruby. He remains loyal to the Enchantress, Laverna's sister, and the ruler of Fairytopia. Laverna shows Topaz and Ruby the state the Enchantress is in, and it turns out she is very weak because of the formula. Elina and Bibble get out of the forest and encounter a new place where all of the flowers are wilting. Elina jumps up to one of the highest flowers to get a view of the horizon. Bibble flies in front of a flower that is like a tunnel, so they go inside it. At the end of the tunnel is the City Hall of Fairytown, but it is closed. They tell the man there that they need to see Azura but she is not there. A fairy named Larkspur comes and the man working in the city hall tells him that Ruby, and another guardian named Amethyst, have been kidnapped. He has to find Azura immediately, so Elina and Bibble take advantage of this and follow him. Elina and Bibble grab onto a flower and it floats after Larkspur, but they crash. They see Azura's house, but it is surrounded by guards. Elina and Bibble hide in a flower, but Azura spots them and tells them to leave. Elina tells Azura that they came all the way from the Magic Meadow, so Azura tells Elina to come closer. She sees a rainbow in Elina's eye for a second, and is shocked. She invites Elina into her house, and gives her food and shelter. Azura tells Elina that the rainbow in her eyes means she is destined for great things. When Elina goes to bed, Azura tells her that all of Fairytopia is in trouble and it is down to Laverna. In the morning she will leave to speak to a dryad named Dahlia, who lives in the Wildering Wood. Azura asks Elina to take care of her necklace. In the morning, Azura wakes up Bibble and asks him to find Hue, who lives in the south; he needs to be given an important scroll. After that, Azura is about to leave, but is kidnapped by Fungus. Elina looks outside when she wakes up and sees that the guards have been tied up. A stout fairy thinks Elina has caused the trouble, so Elina runs away and gets helped by Hue, who has large wings and carries Elina to the Wildering Wood. In Laverna's lair, the Fungus arrive with Azura, and Laverna notices that Azura isn't wearing her necklace. The Fungus tell Laverna that wingless fairy had it. Laverna realizes that Elina wouldn't be affected by the formula, as she couldn't fly. All of the Fungus are ordered to find Elina. Meanwhile, Hue tells Elina that after a day they will be in the Wildering Wood. However, they encounter some of Laverna's firebirds. To escape them, Hue flies off a rainbow colored waterfall into a cove. Hue disturbs some relaxing mermaids when he flies too low, including Prince Nalu. Prince Nalu yells at Hue but stops when he sees Elina. Hue insists that the firebirds won't come down as they hate water, but they do. Prince Nalu throws them some special seaweed that will let them breathe underwater, so they all eat some. They swim with Prince Nalu to safety and he points them to the Wildering Wood. The prince hopes he can see Elina again, leading to Bibble making fun of them. They get on Hue but he breathes in some of Laverna's formula and Elina orders him to land so he can rest. She asks Bibble to stay with Hue and she goes to find Dahlia by herself. When Elina is by herself, she begins doubting herself and comparing herself to Azura, a great guardian. Some happy trolls appear who will lead Elina to Dahlia. They go a long way, but still only see sick trees. Azura's necklace starts glowing and it "calls" Dahlia. The happy trolls leave and Dahlia says she can't help Elina; she doesn't want to help the guardians as the last time she tried to help them, none of them believed she was good except for Azura, as she had been working with Laverna. Azura believed that Dahlia would know how to defeat Laverna because of this, but Dahlia doesn't want to risk herself for Fairytopia. Elina convinces her otherwise and they go back to Hue and Bibble. Hue and Bibble insist on coming with Elina and Dahlia and they start to go after Laverna. In Laverna's lair, she has all the guardians kidnapped. Laverna places a crystal in her throne and the guardian's necklaces feel the presence of Azura's necklace, which is with Elina. Laverna knows she is near, so she orders the Fungus to get her. Dahlia tells Elina that, when she had left Laverna, Laverna had created a device that used the strength of her royal bloodline to suck the powers from the fairy guardian's necklaces, and transfer them to herself. She doesn't know how it works, but she knew that the "union point" would be the weakness. The group arrives at Laverna's lair, and they can't go in the air because of the firebirds. Their plan is to go in and find the union point, but Elina wants to go by herself as she has Azura's necklace. While Elina is running over to the lair, she almost gets caught by the Fungus, but Hue flies in with Dahlia to distract them. When Bibble tries to distract them he is captured. Elina makes it to the lair, and Dahlia, Bibble, and Hue have been brought to Laverna by the Fungus. When the Fungus leave, Elina finds them and tells Laverna to let them go. Laverna will only let them go if Elina gives her the necklace, but she refuses. Laverna sees the rainbow in Elina's eye, and tells her she could have wings if she went to Laverna's side. With the wings Laverna gave her, Elina becomes brainwashed. Laverna tells Elina that, together, they can have what they want; Laverna will rule Fairytopia, and Elina will have wings, with everything in her world as she remembered it. Laverna tells Elina to put Azura's necklace around Azura's neck, and Elina will get everything she's ever wanted. The guardians' necklaces make them lose their powers and they start transferring to Laverna. Elina puts the necklace on Azura and snaps out of her brainwashed mindset, and sees that the union point is where the crystal is. She takes the necklace off Azura and throws it at the crystal, breaking it. The guardians get their powers back. Laverna, her throne, and her sceptre disappear. The guardians are safe. Back in the Magic Meadow, the pixies are flying again, and everyone is glad to see Elina. Hue comes to see Elina, and so does the Enchantress. She thanks Elina and her friends for saving everyone, and says that Elina has earned a great gift. The Enchantress gives Elina a rainbow colored necklace and flies away. The necklace begins to glow and Elina gets beautiful, pink wings. She flies with her own wings for the first time, and Elina, Dandelion, Hue and Bibble fly together.
During summertime, Meribella, a magical kingdom, is going to have its five hundredth anniversary. Princess Tori and her younger sisters Meredith and Trevi are very busy, having to attend ceremonies and balls, and always be poised and proper. The princesses think it is hard work. Whenever they have the chance, they sneak away and play together. Before Meribella's five hundredth anniversary, the princesses have to greet royal visitors, who come to Meribella for the occasion. Tori wishes she could have an exciting, music-filled life like her favorite popstar, Keira. She wishes she could watch Keira performing near her palace. Keira, a world-famous and popular, but kind singer-songwriter, is on the guest list and is going to perform at the festival for the Meribella's five hundredth anniversary. Keira enjoys touring, greeting fans and having extravagant, spectacular concerts. However, it leaves her with no time to do what she was passionate about: writing songs. Keira thinks being a princess would be awesome. The next day, members of the royal court are invited to the palace in Meribella to meet the royal family. Duchess Amelia, Tori's strict aunt, forbids Tori to watch Keira's concert when she was supposed to be greeting guests. When Keira arrives to the palace for the festival, she meets Tori. They instantly become friends, and their pet dogs Vanessa and Riff, too. Tori gives Keira a tour of the palace and so they began joking about trading places. Keira tells Tori how she longs to be a princess and wear a tiara like her. Tori gives Keira her tiara to try it on. Keira takes out her magic microphone and magically turns her outfit into a gown and Tori then shows her magical brush to Keira. Tori uses her magic hairbrush, so she uses it to transform her hair into a different hairstyle. They then realize that they look just alike. Aunt Amelia walks into the room and drags Keira, who is disguised as Tori back to the ballroom, where an embarrassing encounter takes place. Keira accidently trips and falls on Prince Liam of Stuffinsburg. They have an awkward conversation, smiling and blushing, after which Keira and Tori continue their tour. Tori convinces Keira to stay disguised as each other while she carries on giving Keira a tour of her palace. They enter a secret garden, where fairies tend to the plants. There is a diamond gardenia plant, which is used to pay for school and other things. Tori tells Keira that the Diamond Gardenia roots spread through the entire kingdom. Without it, Meribella's plants would die. The Diamond Gardenia makes the kingdom magical. Tori finds two tiny diamonds at the base of the Diamond Gardenia. The fairies put the diamonds on their necklaces, making them their friendship necklaces. Outside, Keira's manager, Crider, is tired of not being a star and comes to the palace to find valuables while getting a tour from Tori's aunt. Tori's aunt then notices that Tori has bought Keira to see the Diamond Gardenia and scolds her about bringing strangers into the secret area. Keira's manager, who has been secretly eavesdropping, plans to steal the diamond plant. Tori and Keira head back to Tori's room after Keira almost got into trouble. Tori and Keira realize they want to continue to be each other and agree to remain as each other for one more day. Tori teaches Keira how to be a princess and Keira teaches Tori how to be a popstar. Tori, under the disguise of Keira, gives autographs to people and enjoys it, but later learns about a drought that she should have been aware about. Meanwhile, Keira, under the disguise of Tori, learns to behave like a princess. She also learns a new song while playing with Tori's younger sisters, who discover Keira's true identity but promise to keep it secret. Later, Keira gets locked in Tori's room by Tori's aunt for not writing a commemoration speech, but Vanessa shows Keira a secret exit in the room through which she escapes. Meanwhile, Tori sings a song for the first time on stage. Later, Crider and Rupert, Crider's assistant, uproot the Diamond Gardenia. The fairies try to stop them, but their efforts are not enough, as Rupert sprayed strawberry-scented spray all around Gardenia. Tori and Keira use their respective magic tools to change back into their true selves. Both stop the two, with the unexpected help from Keiram, and discover it is always best to be yourself. Crider tries to flee with the Gardenia using his airy coat but the girls imposed a heavy makeover on him using their respective magic tools, causing him to drop the plant and break it into pieces. Using the diamonds of their friendship necklaces, Tori and Keira plant a new Diamond Gardenia to revitalize the dead plants in the kingdom. Tori, now confident about her life, finally gives her speech. The two go back to the concert and end the film both as entertainers and as best friends.
The movie begins with Barbie and her best friend Teresa trying to play a song on their guitars when Barbie's sister, Stacie, storms in, angry at her friend Courtney and calls her a 'backstabber'. Barbie decides to tell Stacie the story of two friends named Liana and Alexa, who also get angry at each other. The two best friends live in a hut beside a beautiful garden and plant flowers to make a living. They also share a love of music. One day, they find two heart-shaped stones which they make into necklaces to symbolize their friendship, not realizing that they are trinkets from the mythical Diamond Castle. The next day, an old woman gives them a mirror after they share the last of their food with her. The mirror is the hiding place of Melody, an apprentice muse from the Diamond Castle. Melody is on the run from Lydia, one of former three muses who lived in the Diamond Castle. Lydia became evil and turned the other two muses to stone, but not before they hid the Castle and left the key with Melody. If Lydia finds the Diamond Castle, all music will end, and with it eventually the world. Liana and Alexa coax a song out of Melody by singing, and Lydia's minion, a dragon known as Slyder, locates Melody by her voice. With their home destroyed by Slyder, Alexa and Liana go with Melody to find the Diamond Castle and keep it safe from Lydia. They find two small puppies and at an inn meet twin musicians named Ian and Jeremy, who hear the girls sing and instantly fall for them, but the girls leave them behind at the inn. Lydia confronts them, and tries to cast a spell on them with her flute, but the girls' necklaces protect them. Lydia sets Slyder on them, but Ian and Jeremy arrive and they all escape. The girls, now with the twins, comes across a dead end but soon meet a dislikable troll who captures the boys and vows to eat them and not let the group cross his bridge unless the girls answer his riddles. They do, which frees the boys and reveals a rainbow bridge that carries the girls off, leaving the boys behind. Liana and Alexa soon run out of food. They find a mansion and go to ask for shelter, but the servants there, bewitched by Lydia, tell them that they are the long-awaited mistresses of the house. Alexa wants to stay, but Liana wants to honor the promise they made to Melody, resulting to an argument which turns to a fight. Liana leaves the house with Melody and Alexa stays, ripping off her magic necklace that symbolizes her friendship with Liana in anger. Slyder arrives and takes Alexa to Lydia. After determining that Melody is not with Alexa, Lydia uses her flute's powers against Alexa to find Liana, and because Alexa is not wearing her magical necklace, she falls under Lydia's spell. Alexa tells Lydia that Liana and Melody are heading to the seven stones, where the Diamond Castle is hidden. After Liana is kidnapped, Lydia uses Alexa to scare Melody into revealing the whereabouts of the Diamond Castle. Although Lydia promises to release Liana and Alexa once the Diamond Castle is hers, Slyder knocks the two girls over a cliff, and they narrowly escape falling into acid by hanging onto a ledge. Liana realizes that the necklaces protected them from Lydia'a spell and uses Alexa's necklace to undo the spell and they climb up the cliff together. Alexa apologizes to Liana for their fight and Liana apologizes too. One of the puppies leads the twins to the girls and together they all head to the hiding place of the Diamond Castle. Meanwhile, Melody stalls Lydia with false instructions about the key to the castle. The twins lure Slyder away and the girls pretend to fall under Lydia's spell. Lydia creates a whirlpool and commands the girls to jump in and drown, but Liana takes Lydia's flute instead. Lydia threatens to break Melody's mirror, but Melody breaks it herself, not wanting to let the Diamond Castle fall into Lydia's hands. Lydia throws the mirror in the whirlpool. Alexa saves Melody with the puppies' help and Liana drops Lydia's flute in the whirlpool. Lydia goes after it, but is caught in the flow. She tries to cast a spell, but her waterlogged flute backfires and she disappears instead. The girls realize that the song Melody sang earlier is the key, and their singing is the true key of the Diamond Castle. As they step inside, Melody is released from the mirror and she leads Liana and Alexa to the other muses' instruments. Lydia suddenly returns on Slyder and attacks them. Melody saves the instruments from being turned to stone, and the girls play the instruments and sing, creating a barrier that turns Lydia's spells against her, turning both her and Slyder into stone. The muses returned to life. They anointed Liana and Alexa as princesses of music, promoted Melody as the third muse and give Jeremy and Ian electric guitars. The muses offer Liana and Alexa to stay at the castle but they want to go home instead, so the muses give them flower seeds and send them on their way. Back home, Liana and Alexa plant the magical flower seeds and beautiful flowers soon grow. Jeremy and Ian are successful in their performances with their electric guitars. When the story ends, Stacie realizes nothing can break true friendship and with that, She calls Courtney to apologize after saying goodbye to Barbie and Teresa as they get back to playing their music.
Bibble is worried that he will embarrass himself and won't belong with his friend's friends, so Elina tells him the story of her friend Mariposa, a butterfly fairy who lives in a far-off palace called Flutterfield, an island kingdom in Fairytopia populated by fairies with butterfly wings. Henna, the jealous butterfly fairy and the attendant of the queen of Flutterfield, has poisoned the queen in an attempt to take over the kingdom. Due to this, the lights are in danger of going out if she succumbs to the poison. These lights protect Flutterfield from the "Skeezites", monsters who eat butterfly fairies and are repellent to light. It is up to Mariposa and her employers-friends, sisters Rayna and Rayla, to find an antidote to save the queen. They first travel according to the map, but when night falls, they are far from Flutterfield, and the Skeezites appear. They engage in a long chase scene, but Mariposa, Rayna and Rayla escape through a gate of red plants. However, the map gets chomped by a Skeezite. Mariposa remembers that there was a sun picture on the map, and she concludes that they should travel east, as toward the rising sun. The three then arrive at the Wilderness, and encounter a little flying rabbit named Zinzie, who is a great thrower and loves fluttercorn, and leads them to a mermaid statue in exchange for a packet of fluttercorn. They end up all diving into a lake and find mermaids. Mariposa asks them to tell her the whereabouts of the Cave of Reflections, and the mermaids agree to help them, but they ask for one thing in exchange: Concho shells. However, little merbabies are sleeping and use these shells as pillows, and it is revealed that if you wake the baby, the baby cries and wakes a sea monster. Rayla finds a plant, and wraps it until it bears the shape of the conch shells. They gently swap the shells with the plant, but one of the babies is tickled on the nose by a little leaf that was not wrapped properly, and the baby wakes and starts crying. This wakes the other babies, who as well start crying, waking the sea monster. While Mariposa delivers the conch shells to the mermaids, Rayna, Zinzie and Rayla try to escape the sea monster by swimming in different directions. The mermaids help in the end, and they all escape the sea monster. Meanwhile, Queen Marabella has fallen fatally ill, and the guards captured the prince for trying to find the antidote. The queen's captain of the guards holds him in a conversation, and another fairy sought the prince and freed him. That fairy is Willa, Mariposa's best friend. She tells the prince that she has spotted Henna. So they decide to follow her, and the two find out that she had taken control over Skeezites by mixing a strange liquid and thistleburst; moreover, they discover that Henna was plotting to take over Flutterfield all this time. The mermaids tell the four braves where to find the Cave of Reflections, and they fly towards it eagerly, but find that the cave was guarded by Skeezites. Zinzie manages to trick the Skeezites, and the four escape into the cave. There, they find their reflections talking back to themselves. They finally meet the Fairy of the Cave, who leads the group to different sections, where she proclaims each time "one of you must stay behind". Mariposa was left as the last one, and the cave fairy guides her toward a place filled with stars. She tells that one star hold the antidote she needs. Mariposa eventually finds one, in which she used the archer's star pattern to locate it. This hints that this was the correct star, and for that reason, Mariposa is presented with much larger and more beautiful sparkling wings. The four heroines arrive back just in time when the Skeezites start attacking everyone at the Royal fairy castle. Mariposa eventually discovers that it was Henna who poisoned the queen, so she races to cure her with the antidote. Henna tries stopping Mariposa from foiling her plans, but Mariposa eventually manages to heal Marabella before she dies. Henna leaves and goes away with the Skeezites under the pretense of not getting caught, thus fleeing from the light. After the big save, Queen Marabella presents each of the heroines with a crown of flowers. Since then, Mariposa felt she belonged in Flutterfield, having learned that being herself is the best thing in life.
In a magical kingdom, the Queen wants to surprise her daughter, Princess Annika, with a birthday gift. When she opens the door to Annika's room, she discovers that Annika is missing, having gone to an ice rink without asking for permission. Out skating, Annika meets a small polar bear whom she names Shiver. When Annika returns to the palace, her parents are so worried and overprotective they forbid her from skating ever again. That night, Annika sneaks out of the palace to join a festival. A powerful wizard named Wenlock appears and asks the princess to marry him. When Annika refuses, Wenlock furiously tells the king and queen the fate of their "other daughter," which surprises Annika. Wenlock magically turns everyone into stone, but Annika is saved by Brietta, a flying horse. Wenlock tells her that she has three days to marry him, otherwise the spell will be permanent. Brietta takes Annika to a castle in the clouds called the Cloud Kingdom. There Annika discovers that "the other daughter" of the king and queen is Brietta, who was transformed into a Pegasus by Wenlock when she refused to marry him. Annika decides to build the "Wand of Light" to break Wenlock's spell. In order to accomplish this, they must have a measure of courage, a ring of love and a gem of ice lit by hope's eternal flame. The Cloud Queen gives Brietta a crystal bell to ring if she is in need of help. The group travels to the Forbidden Forest, where they meet a young man named Aidan who helps them after they get caught in a net. When Shiver and Annika fall into a giant's stew pot, Annika tricks him into chaining himself to a post, and uses her hair ribbon to climb out. The ribbon is the same length as her, and as a measure of courage, it turns into a staff for the Wand of Light. After trading Annika's skates for a fake map from the old man Ferris, whom Aidan dislikes because they once played a sour card game together, the group find themselves in a large cavern filled with gems, where a sign tells them to take only what they need but never from greed. Annika gets one gem but Aidan gets another; at first Annika thinks that Aidan is being greedy but nothing happens. Shiver causes a cave-in thanks to her amazement of the gems' sparkles, which they narrowly manage to escape thanks to her. As Aidan starts to forge the Wand, he reveals that he ran away from his parents and lost all of his money gambling. He got an extra gem to bring to his parents so that he could get their forgiveness and their protection. Brietta offers her tiara to make the ring of love. With all three objects, the "Wand of Light" is assembled. To prove that the Wand works, Annika asks for Brietta to be a human from the bottom of her heart. Then, Brietta is transformed back into a human. Annika and Brietta return to the Cloud Kingdom on two pegasuses summoned by the Cloud Queen's bell, but Wenlock pursues them, hurting Brietta. Angrily Annika asks the wand to destroy Wenlock, but it does not work. Annika gives up and finally agrees to marry Wenlock so he will change her parents and the people back to normal. Wenlock refuses her because she is hateful, just like his other wives. He takes the wand from Annika's hand and causes a snowslide, trapping her. Immediately Aidan comes and helps to dig Annika out. Aidan and Brietta brings an unconscious Annika to the Cloud Kingdom. After Annika wakes up, the trio go to Wenlock's lair. Blush decides not to give the clouds a dusk color to give Annika more time after some persuasion by Rose. While Brietta guards the pegasus, Annika, Aidan, and Shiver slide to the green castle. Aidan fights against the griffin as Annika searches for the wand. When she finds the wand, suddenly the gem falls. Fortunately, Aidan gives Annika his own. Realizing how to work the wand, Annika asks it to defeat Wenlock for the love of her family and friends. Wenlock turns to be an ordinary person and the spell on Annika's parents is broken. Annika shows them Brietta and the entire family celebrates together, while Aidan's father forgives him. The end scene shows Aidan and Annika skating in the cloud palace. Both Aidan and Annika are wearing crowns, implying that they've gotten married. Brietta remarks that they look happy, and gifts the Cloud Queen with the wand, who replies that it will be the first star at night.
In her new movie set up in France, Barbie stars as Corinne, a seventeen-year-old girl who dreams of becoming a Musketeer like her father. Her kitten Miette dreams of becoming a mus"cat"eer But unfortunately when they make it to Paris, becoming a musketeer is not easy for Corinne. She is made fun of by other people, especially the Prince Louis' cousin, Phillippe. His dog, Brutus takes her letter to Monsieur Treville and flees to the castle. Corinne gets the letter back, but Brutus damages it. After having a conservation with Treville, he tells Corinne that she is not ready and she is disappointed that this day is not turning out as she had hoped. But the wicked Brutus chases Miette towards the castle making a worse scenario with three palace maids. Corinne encounters Madame de Bosse, who hires her as a fourth palace maid. After a hard day, one of the maids, Aramina, convinces the other two maids Viveca and Renee to let Corinne and Miette stay. They befriend each other and forgive her for what happened. The next day when they return to work, Corinne meets Prince Louis for the first time. After talking to Phillippe about his hot-air balloon invention, a chandelier drops and almost crushes the prince but he moves just in time and Viveca, Aramina and Renee show off their musketeering skills to defend themselves from the chandelier fragments. Corinne finds a small red gem next to the chandelier rope which appears to have been cut. Corinne tells her friends about her dream to become a musketeer and they are surprised at first but also excited because the three girls also have the same dreams of being musketeers too. An old maid named Helen overhears their conversation and takes them through a secret passageway, where she leads them to the old musketeer's training room and agrees to train the four girls to be true musketeers. Soon the four girls are practicing their skills with Helen's help. One day, while Corinne is cleaning the windows, she spots the prince hanging from his flying hot-air balloon and runs to help him. The prince thanks Corinne and they immediately fall in love. While on the balloon, she finds that the rope attached has been cut, just like the chandelier in the castle. When the prince says girls can't be musketeers, she storms off angrily and tells her friends what happened Helen warns her and the girls to keep eyes and ears open for enemies, otherwise, Prince Louis will be in grave danger. Miette sneaks to the castle, with Corinne's horse, Alexander's, help to join training with Corinne and her friends. Finally, their training with musketeering skills is complete and Helen is very impressed. One night, Corinne, Viveca, Aramina, and Renee decide to celebrate their musketeering skills and take a walk into the dark, quiet streets. They encounter men led by man named Regent who pulls out a knife and Corrine realizes it matches the gem she found next to the chandelier rope. They discover that the Regent's men were sneaking weapons into the masquerade ball to kill Louis so that his evil cousin Phillippe will be the new king. Corinne and her friends decided to save Prince Louis from Phillippe and his men. They try to tell Treville but no one believes them and they are banned from the castle. They wear disguises and sneak into the ball without being caught. The prince chooses to dance with Corinne, though he does not recognize her with her mask on. The evil men capture Treville and the other musketeers, attack the girls and throw Louis into the passageways where Phillippe chases him to the roof tops. In the end after fighting the men and untying Treville and the musketeers, Corinne saves Louis just in time and they arrest Phillippe, Regent, Brutus and the their men. Corinne, Viveca, Aramina and Renee remove their masks and Corinne and Louis reconcile. Louis names them royal musketeers on the day of his coronation to be king. Helen takes Madame de Bosse's place and Madame de Bosse is made a maid as punishment for being so wicked and bossy. Corinne's mother is very proud that her daughter had finally become a musketeer. Louis offers to take Corinne on another balloon ride, but before she can say yes Treville receives word a plot against the king so Corinne and her three best friends ride off on their horses to save another day. After saying "All for one, and One for all!" and waving goodbye to Louis and the kingdom they ride off happily towards the sunset to their next destination.
Barbie tells a story to her little sister Kelly, who doesn't have confidence in her painting abilities. Rapunzel lives as a servant to the evil witch Gothel, who resides in a manor isolated in the woods. She grows up believing that Gothel saved her from abandonment as an infant. Rapunzel finds companionship in Penelope, an outgoing dragon, and Hobie, a worrisome and anxious rabbit. Rapunzel spends what free time she has painting beautiful pictures of places she dreams of going when she is free one day. However, Gothel disapproves of Rapunzel's hobbies and accuses her of not appreciating everything that Gothel has done for her. While preparing tea for Gothel, Penelope accidentally finds a secret staircase which leads to an old room below the manor. In it they discover a gift from her parents who allegedly deserted her: a silver hairbrush engraved with a message from her mother and father. Later, she also discovers a tunnel leading to the nearby village. Rapunzel takes this path to the small kingdom and is able to rescue a young princess named Katrina from a pitfall. Soon after, Rapunzel is introduced to Katrina's older brother, Prince Stefan. He explains to her that the trap Katrina managed to escape was put there by King Wilhelm, the ruler of an opposing kingdom. Enchanted by the mysterious maiden, Stefan asks to meet her again, to which she agrees, though their meeting is ended abruptly before Stefan can tell her his name. Rapunzel quickly rushes back to the woods to avoid being discovered by Gothel. Unknown to Rapunzel, Gothel's pet ferrett, Otto, has witnessed the entire exchange. A furious Gothel demands Rapunzel to tell her the prince's name. Rapunzel insists that she does not know it, but Gothel does not believe her, thinking Rapunzel has been lying. Rapunzel tells her that she cannot keep her locked away forever to which Gothel responds, Watch me. Gothel destroys Rapunzel's paints and paintings before transforming the bedroom into a more secure, seemingly unescapable tower and stations Hugo, Penelope's father, outside. Gothel refuses to let Rapunzel go until she tells her the name of the boy she met. That night, Rapunzel has a dream that Prince Stefan found her tower. He came up by climbing her long hair. When up there, they are about to kiss, but Gothel shows up and separates them. Rapunzel then wakes up and reads the engraving on the hairbrush. She realizes that there is still hope. Going back to sleep, a shower of light turns the hairbrush into a paintbrush. Rapunzel is left alone with Hobie and Penelope, who cheer her up with new paint to replace the ones taken away from by Gothel. Hobie discovers the paintbrush, and Rapunzel begins to paint. It soon becomes clear that she doesn't need paint, and whatever she paints becomes real. Rapunzel paints the village and then uses the painting as a portal, arriving at the palace gardens and meeting Stefan. She shows him the brush and asks for help to find its maker, but insists that he never tell her his name, worrying that Gothel will find out. She meets a silversmith who says his brother, who lives in King Wilhelm's kingdom, made it. The silversmith has not seen his brother in years, making him very upset. Stefan realizes that the feud is hurting the villagers more than he realized. Afterward, Stefan asks Rapunzel to a masked ball. She replies that she will meet him there. He tells that her hair is a 'beautiful give-away.' Penelope soon arrives via the painting and explains that Gothel is coming, and they must leave so that Hugo will not be punished. Rapunzel leaves, painting a way out. When back at the tower, Rapunzel uses the paintbrush to paint herself a beautiful gown. Hobie and Penelope provide a mask. Unfortunately, the paintbrush's magic light can be seen and Otto sneaks in. He quickly steals the invitation without their notice and presents it to Gothel. Gothel arrives at the tower, cuts off Rapunzel's hair, and shatters the paintbrush. She also manages to destroy the painting of the village. Because she thinks Rapunzel refused to tell the truth, Gothel angrily puts a spell on her tower, which eternally holds people who lie. Gothel then storms to King Fredrick and Stefan's castle. Back at the tower, Rapunzel manages to escape with the help of Penelope and Hugo, as the spell only works if the prisoner is a liar, which Rapunzel is not, so it allows her to leave. She then rushes to save Stefan and his family by riding on Penelope who finally overcome her fear of heights. Stefan is lured away from the party by Gothel, disguised as Rapunzel. Gothel reveals herself and begins her attack. King Wilhelm comes before King Fredrick, hoping to end the feud by force. It is revealed that the source of the feud is that Wilhelm believes Fredrick kidnapped his daughter, who has been missing since she was an infant. Fredrick replies that he planned nothing of the sort and he has no idea where Wilhelm's daughter is, to which Gothel reveals that she took Rapunzel because Wilhelm "loved" her but married another woman; he saw Gothel only as a friend; and the overall plot was to cause the kingdoms to destroy each other. Rapunzel arrives just in time to stop them from fighting, and King Wilhelm immediately recognizes her as his daughter. The witch attacks Rapunzel with magic. As Rapunzel runs into the royal maze, she remembers the magic painting of the tower that is still there and tricks Gothel into running into it. Gothel finds herself in Rapunzel's tower, where Hugo reminds her she can't escape, as she has a lying heart. Rapunzel is reunited with her biological parents, and marries Stefan, thus ending the feud as well as uniting the two kingdoms. Hugo, Penelope, and Hobie live in their castle with them. It's revealed that Otto now serves Gothel, forever trapped in the tower. A shot is seen of Rapunzel and Stefan walking along a beach, the same one that Rapunzel painted with a castle in the distance, implying her dreams came true. The scene becomes the painting Barbie had been working on. Kelly now feels better and begins painting with blue, after Barbie reminds her that creativity is the true magic in art.
In an unnamed kingdom, a blonde princess and a brunette pauper are born simultaneously. The princess, Anneliese, craves freedom from her royal duties, especially because she wants to marry her tutor and true love, Julian. Despite this, she is informed by her widowed mother, Queen Genevieve, that she must marry the wealthy king of a nearby kingdom because their royal treasury is nearly bankrupt. The pauper, Erika, craves a different sort of freedom as she is an indentured servant at Madame Carp's Dress Emporium to work off her parents' debt, but dreams of becoming a singer and seeing the world. Queen Genevieve doesn't know that the reason behind the kingdom's bankruptcy is her adviser, Preminger. He has been stealing the gold from the royal mines with his sidekicks, Nick and Nack, for a long time. His plan is to have Princess Anneliese go mysteriously missing and then bring her back, thus making the queen so grateful that she will ask him to marry Anneliese. Then Preminger can succeed to the throne and achieve all that he wants as the king. While Anneliese is studying with Julian, he tells her that King Dominick and Ambassador Bismark have come to see her with an engagement gift, a necklace. The Queen wants the wedding to be a week from then, which gives Preminger less time to carry out his evil plan. Julian takes Anneliese for a day out into the kingdom so that she can be free for once. Anneliese hears Erika singing and goes to listen. Erika is singing in the street to earn money for herself, but Madame Carp takes the money. Anneliese and Erika talk to each other and learn they are identical, apart from the crown shaped birthmark Anneliese has on her shoulder and their hair color. They become fast friends, and Anneliese returns to the palace. That night, she is being kidnapped along with her cat, Serafina, by Nick and Nack, who leave a letter saying she ran away. Julian suspects that Preminger kidnapped Anneliese so he asks Erika to pretend to be the princess until she is rescued. Preminger is surprised when Erika, as Anneliese, comes to the palace because he thought she had already been kidnapped. King Dominick decides to reveal himself to Anneliese and walks in on her singing with her beautiful voice. Over time, Erika and Dominick fall in love, but Erika is worried about what will happen when people find out she is not Anneliese. The real Anneliese has escaped from Nick and Nack. Julian is able to follow Preminger to the house where they had Anneliese and overhears Preminger's plans to become the king. He is discovered by the trio and gets kidnapped. Anneliese is turned away from the palace because the guards think Anneliese is already in there. She gets taken away by Madame Carp because she thinks Anneliese is Erika. Preminger figures out that the Anneliese in the castle is an impostor. Anneliese had used her cat Serafina to take a clue to the castle about where she was. Unfortunately, it is Preminger and his dog Midas who gets the clue and is able to take the real Anneliese to the royal mines with Julian and tells his henchmen to collapse the mine with Anneliese and Julian trapped inside. He goes back to the palace, exposes Erika as a fake and accuses her and Julian of treason. Erika is sent to the dungeon. She sings a lullaby to make the guard asleep and takes his keys so she can escape. As she does, she bumps into King Dominick. He tells her that he doesn't believe what Preminger said about her. In the mines, Anneliese and Julian find out how to restore the kingdom's resources from some rocks that have geodes in them. They confess their love and escape from the mines with an idea they get from Erika's barking cat Wolfie. Preminger convinces the Queen that Anneliese is dead and says that they must marry to save the kingdom, and since she has no other options, she agrees. Before they can be married, Anneliese arrives and tells everyone the truth about Preminger, who, along with Nick and Nack, are later arrested. She tells her mother that she wants to marry Julian and that they can save the kingdom. Dominick and Erika say they wish to marry as well, and Madame Carp goes out of business. Erika wants to sing so she doesn't marry Dominick right away, but she returns after realizing that sometimes being free means choosing not to go, but to stay. Anneliese and Julian, including Dominick and Erika, all have a double wedding together, and their cats, Serafina and Wolfie, have many, many, many kittens. They ride off happily together in their wedding carriage.
The story is being told by Barbie to her sister, Kelly, who is feeling uneasy about being at camp overnight for the first time. She remembers the story while looking at constellations, being started on after finding Cygnus. The story takes place in a small village, where Odette, a young girl passionate about ballet, lives with her father and sister and works in the family bakery. Odette is very talented in ballet, even though she has almost no training, and knows complicated routines and exquisite ballets. Her sister, Marie, is passionate about horse riding just as Odette is about ballet. As the story moves on, the men of the village go after a unicorn named Lila and try to hunt it down. With the help of Odette, the unicorn manages to escape the hunters and runs into an Enchanted Forest with the curious Odette in pursuit. Lila becomes trapped when the hunters' rope around her neck gets tangled to a branch, so Odette tries looking for something sharp enough to free the unicorn. She spots a stone, which is in fact a magical crystal, within the hollow of a nearby tree and takes it out. Little does she know that the crystal was meant for whoever removed it to defeat the evil sorcerer named von Rothbart, who had been terrorizing the inhabitants of the forest for years. The Fairy Queen, who was watching the scene, comes to Odette and tells her that she is the chosen one for purging the evil plaguing the forest, which is Rothbart, who is also the Fairy Queen's cousin. She tells Odette how Rothbart cast a spell on the elves of the Forest and turned them into animals, but the spell was partially reversed by the Fairy Queen and they become human by night, and animals by the morning. Odette, not wanting to get mixed up in the situation, refuses. The Fairy Queen, deeply saddened, complies and sends Lila to escort her out of the forest. Suddenly, Rothbart appears in the woods with his daughter, Odile, the Black Swan and turns Odette into a swan. The Fairy Queen isn't powerful enough to get rid of the spell when Odette asks her to, but is able to partially reverse the effects of the spell, just like for the elves, so that Odette retains her human form by night, but during the day, she is forced to stay as a swan. The Fairy Queen also gives Odette a crown with the crystal on it that will protect her from Rothbart's magic. Odette also meets the other elves of the forest: Carlita, now a skunk, Ivan, a porcupine as well as a few others. Odette's father and sister, start searching for her, after noticing that Odette is missing. A new character, Prince Daniel, the prince living in the castle in Odette's village, is introduced. A spirited man, he prefers exploring rather than marriage, much to the dismay of his mother. Odette is determined to find a solution to the problem and goes to a magical library with Lila to find a book that can give her a clue about how to break the spell. They ask a troll named Erasmus to help them, who had initially scared them. However, they are unable to locate the book of Forestlore and Odette is disheartened. Rothbart lures Prince Daniel into the forest, determined to get him to hunt Odette. However, just as he's about to shoot her down, Daniel is captivated by the swan's beauty and decides to let it live. The two soon fall in love when he sees her true form. They dance gracefully and spend the night together, but Odette transform into a swan as the sun rises. Daniel asks Odette to come to a ball his mother had organized in hopes of Daniel finding a wife. Odette rejects at first, but he's able to convince her to come. Soon, Erasmusthe troll in charge of the libraryarrives, having found the book. He reveals to them that the solution is true love, which makes everyone realize that Daniel can save them all. However, if Daniel falls for another girl, the magic crystal will lose its power and Odette will die. The Fairy Queen teaches Odette how to waltz at the ball but are interrupted when Erasmus is kidnapped. They manage to save him from Rothbart's castle by evading the ravens, but Rothbart learns of what will be his downfall. So, under a spell, he makes Odile look like Odette in the eyes of Daniel, so that the Prince can fall in love with Odile and Odette will die. Odette, after learning of what happened, races to the castle in her swan form to warn Daniel about the trick, but is unable to get inside. At the ball, Prince Daniel pledges his love to Odile, thinking her to be Odette, which causes Odette to fall to the ground due to the crystal having lost its power and she is mortally weakened. Rothbart reveals the truth and he and Odile escape, but not before he takes the crystal. Outside, Daniel confronts Rothbart, who aims a spell at him. Using Odile as a shield, Daniel avoids the spell, which hits Odile, turning her into a pig. Daniel runs after them and the Fairy Queen attempts to revive Odette, who is barely alive. After an ongoing chase to the Enchanted Forest, the Fairy Queen asks Rothbart to a duel to protect Odette. However, Rothbart turns out to be more powerful, and casts a spell on the Fairy Queen which turns her into a mouse. Odette wakes up, just in time to see Daniel coming, and confronts Rothbart. To protect her from Rothbart's magic, Daniel jumps in front of Odette, but the spell affects both of them. The two fall onto each other, their hands intertwined. Rothbart believes he has won, but as he laughs in triumph, at that moment, the crystal's power reawakens and explodes outwards, stopping Rothbart, to his horror, as Daniel and Odette were truly in love. The two awaken and all of Rothbart's evil is undone. At last, Odette and Prince Daniel confess their love for each other. Everyone from the village and the Enchanted Forest celebrate. It is revealed that Odette and Daniel are to be married and are finally happy. Rothbart gets his just deserves as he is now a Cuckoo Clock while Odile is granted the more merciful but humiliating fate of becoming a maid. At the end, it is shown the story has given Kelly a new resolve and she promises she will participate in the race the following day. She yawns and heads off to bed, with Barbie smiling behind her.
Cody, his sister Abby, their best friend Marcella, and their baby brother Fig are dropped off by their parents for a visit at their grandparents' farm. As Cody is believing that there may be nothing to do at the farm, Abby and Marcella rub a Barney doll in his face. Cody loses his patience and starts a game of "keep-away" by taking the Barney doll and running off with it. The two girls go after Cody, who hides the Barney doll in the shower in the bathroom. The girls catch up with Cody, who tells them to use their imagination and laughs when he thinks that nothing happened. However, the doll comes to life as Barney the Dinosaur takes the girls to play in the barn. Cody refuses to believe in Barney at first, claiming that imagination is just for kids and that real dinosaurs neither talk, nor laugh. That night, Cody takes advice from Barney and wishes for a real adventure for that summer, and to do something no one has ever done before. A shooting star deposits a large colorful egg in the barn which Cody discovers in the morning. Barney and the kids go to tell the grandparents about this, but Barney is distracted by Fig's crying. Grandma suggests to Abby and Marcella that they go see Mrs. Goldfinch. Cody finds Barney who has just changed Fig's wet diaper and takes him to see his grandparents. However, Abby and Marcella take Cody and Barney to see Mrs. Goldfinch, who tells them that the egg is a dream maker. Cody accidentally knocks the egg off the table which lands on a birdseed truck. Barney and the others try to recover it through a parade as the egg narrowly avoids being stomped or cracked by the parade's participants as the egg's five colors begin to reveal itself, one color at a time. Barney's friend B.J. catches it when it almost lands on the ground, but accidentally tosses it away. Barney and the gang chase the egg throughout a French restaurant, a circus, and fly through the sky on an airplane to continue their pursuit of the egg which is in a hot air balloon. All the while, Baby Bop is looking for her small, yellow blanket, and B.J. and Baby Bop arrive just in time to see the egg hatch. After they return the egg to the barn, it finally hatches into a koala-like being named Twinken who shows everyone Abby's dream and then Barney's. Cody apologizes to Barney for being mean and admits that he thinks he's cool. Barney accepts his apology and tells Cody that he thinks he's cool too and the two share a hug. Twinken shows everyone a magical fireworks display which lands in Barney's arms. Barney begins to sing "I Love You", and everyone else sings with him. Baby Bop gets sleepy, which prompts B.J. to decide that they are ready to go home. The film ends with Twinken sitting right next to Barney, who has reverted to his doll form.
Otis is a carefree cow who prefers playing with his friends rather than accept responsibility. His father Ben is the leader of the barnyard. After Otis interrupts a barnyard meeting with his wild antics, Ben has a talk with his son, warning him that he will never be happy if he spends his life partying without acting more maturely. Otis ignores his advice and leaves to have fun with his friends Pip the Mouse, Pig the Pig, Freddy the Ferret, and Peck the Rooster. That same day, Otis meets a pregnant cow named Daisy, who is accompanied by her friend, Bessy. That night, the animals throw a party in the barn. All the animals at the barnyard are there except Ben, who guards the fence line. Otis is assigned a shift along with Ben, but Otis talks himself out of work. Before Otis leaves, Ben tells him that the night he found him as a baby calf stumbling alone in the meadow, he swore he saw the stars dance, thus giving him reason to know his place was at the farm. Later, Ben takes on a pack of coyotes led by Dag, plundering the chicken coop. He manages to fight off the pack until he is bitten on the leg by the red coyote, making him fall. The Coyotes pile on Ben, but he manages to grab Dag and escapes the pile. He threatens to punch Dag but lets him go, scaring away him and the coyotes. Ben falls on the ground, exhausted. Otis is alerted and he runs outside to his father. Ben dies and is buried on a hill by the farmer, and the other animals mourn Ben after the farmer leaves. After Ben's death, all the animals elect Otis as the new leader of the barnyard. Otis shirks his duties by leaving Freddy and Peck in charge of the coop, then helps the trouble-making Jersey Cows Eddy, Igg, and Bud teach a lesson to a mean fat youngster called Snotty Boy for cow-tipping, eluding the police along the way. Later that night, when Otis is holding Daisy's hoof under the starlight, he overhears the coyotes chasing a rabbit and leaves Daisy to pursue the coyotes and avenge his father. Otis tries to attack Dag and his pack, but is outnumbered. Since Otis is weaker, Dag proposes a deal: he and his pack will take various barnyard animals at random times and that, if Otis tries to stand up to them, they will slaughter everyone at the barnyard. Otis decides to leave the barnyard, realizing that his chances of victory are slim. The next morning, before leaving, Otis is informed that the Coyotes took some hens including Maddy, a little chick who is one of Otis' friends. Otis realizes that he has been fooled by Dag, as he was not expecting him and the coyotes until tonight, and sets off to rescue the chickens. Otis confronts the pack but is easily defeated after Dag bites him in the leg; however, Pip, Pig, Freddy, Peck, Miles, Ben's old friend, and the Jersey Cows arrive to help Otis. Dag tries to attack Otis from behind, but Otis is alerted when Peck successfully manages to crow a warning. Otis catches Dag and warns him to never return to the barnyard. Otis then swings Dag out of the junkyard with a golf club, finally avenging his father's death. After hijacking a biker gang's motorcycles from the diner, Otis and the rest make it back to the barn to witness Daisy giving birth to a calf that she names Li'l Ben. Otis then takes responsibility and becomes leader of the barnyard as he watches the stars of himself, Daisy and Li'l Ben dance just like Ben said. Mrs. Beady gets ready for bed, but she noticed that Wild Mike is on top of her head.
The film starts out with everybody getting prepared for Christmas. Lumiere and Cogsworth argue about who saved Christmas last year. Chip begs Mrs. Potts to be the narrator of the story. After hesitating she agrees. Soon everyone is gathered around Mrs. Potts as she tells the events of what happened after Beast saved Belle from the wolves... The story is made into a full-length flashback of when the Prince is the Beast and his servants are the Enchanted Objects. Belle is still a prisoner in Beast's castle. All the servants are trying to figure out a way for them to fall in love with each other, and with Christmas coming up, they look at this as a great opportunity to bring them together. Belle is excited about Christmas, but Beast is not happy seeing how it is the anniversary of his spell being cast upon the castle. Belle finds the Beast outside and offers him to teach him ice-skating. Meanwhile, in an unknown part of the castle, an enormous pipe organ is composing rhythmic music while a small piccolo applauds. The organ is Forte, the court composer for the musicians during his human years. The organ player though is not in the mood to be human again, so he decides to figure a way for the Beast to steer clear of falling in love with Belle. He believes that "humanity is overrated" and that he has more use and power in his enchanted form. He tells Fife that he has written a solo for a piccolo in his opera, which persuades Fife to be forced to break up the merriment between Belle and the Beast. Fife is able to interrupt Belle and the Beast's skating, causing them to crash into the snow. Then, when Belle makes a snow angel, she and the Beast get up in the snow to see their snow figures, but when the Beast smiles at Belle's angel while rubbing his head he suddenly makes a low growl and looks at his own snow print. While looking, he assumes that this is no angel, but the shadow of a monster. Enraged, he roars, thrashes around through the snow and storms off in a fit of rage, leaving Belle and the others outside. Then when Fife chuckles and hopes that Forte is going to be so proud of him, the Beast stomps back into the castle in fury and depression. Belle has no idea why she bothers, and as she flops back into the snow, she assumes that the Beast is "worse than ever", but Mrs. Potts tells her not to lose heart. Inside the castle, Forte is playing gloomy music, while the Beast stomps into the West Wing and looks at the enchanted Rose the Enchantress gave him. After assuming that he hates Christmas, the Beast sits on his chair by the fire, and when Forte tells him that the music helps, the Beast mumbles to the pipe organ that his music is the only thing that will help him forget. Forte tells the Beast that he is always here for him. Believing that Christmas will brighten the Beast's mood, Belle creates a wonderful new book for him, and with a little persuasion for Cogsworth, Christmas is officially being prepared. The gang goes to the highest tower in the castle, which serves as a storage room for old decorations. In one of them lies Angelique with a number of other animated baubles, who once served as the Royal Decorator. However, she is not pleased to hear about Christmas, arguing that she will not raise her hopes again in a belief that they could all get together in celebration, until they are destroyed by the Beast's foul temper and hatred for the holiday, despite Cogsworth's misgivings. Belle sings to them about how "hope is the greatest gift", saying that there is always hope, even for breaking the spell, and there will "always be a time when the world is filled with peace and love". Eventually, Angelique reluctantly agrees. However, Fife has been overhearing all this and rushes off to tell Forte. When the Beast finds out, he is far from pleased, and wants Christmas to be depleted. Forte plays along, saying that "the girl doesn't care how you feel about Christmas", separating the two even more. The Beast reflects on his past: Christmas was the day he was most selfish, and it was on that day that the Enchantress put the spell on him and the castle. Belle enters the boiler room and meets Axe, head of the boiler room. She tells him she needs a Yule Log and he tells her to help herself. Beast finds her and demands to know what is going on. She explains that it is a great tradition: "one log is chosen, then everyone in the house touches it, and makes a Christmas wish". The Beast, however, claims that wishes are stupid, and bellows at Belle, "You made a Christmas wish last year! Is this what you wished for?!" He shouts that she has no idea what it is to be a true prisoner, but she knows all too well. Then, having finally had enough, he hates Christmas once again and storms out, despite Cogsworth's misgivings. Belle refuses to give up, and concludes that they will have Christmas with or without the Beast, but not before sending him her gift, the storybook. Belle and Chip take Axe with them to go look for a Christmas tree, but none on the grounds are very promising. Beast finds his gift, but Lumiere will not allow him to open it as it is not yet Christmas. He explains that everyone understands how Beast feels about the holiday, but giving a gift to another is a way of saying "I care about you". The Beast gets in the mood, and demands Forte to compose a song as a present, who agrees unhappily. When he leaves, Forte puts his plans in motion, and plays beautiful music, attracting Belle to his room. Forte quickly manipulates the situation, telling her that the tree has always been Beast's favorite part of Christmas, and that she would find a much better tree lies in the Black Forest, the woods outside the castle. Getting the tree would break Belle's promise never to leave the castle, but she wants to make Beast happy, so she agrees to go, taking Chip and Axe. Forte orders Fife "to make sure they don't come back". Beast is still waiting for Belle to show up, but Forte claims "she's abandoned you!" and feeds Beast's anger, trying to persuade him to forget her, but he races out anyway. In his anger, Beast destroys the decorations in the dining room where Angelique was and storms off outside to look for Belle, leaving Angelique hopeless. Meanwhile, Belle and the others look for a tree but Fife startles Phillipe on the ice, creating a chain reaction that leads to Belle nearly drowning, and being rescued by the furious Beast. Belle is locked in the dungeon for breaking her promise, but Angelique comes to visit with the other baubles and admits that she was wrong to believe that Christmas could never come. They all agree that they do not need decorations or gifts to celebrate Christmas, they have each other, and that is the best gift they could ever ask for. Meanwhile, prompted by Forte, Beast threatens to destroy the rose, but one of the flower petals fall on the present. Beast then remembers the gift Belle gave him, opens it and reads it. Remembering there is hope to break the spell, he ignores Forte and releases Belle, asking her for forgiveness. After she accepts, the Beast announces plans to have the best Christmas ever. Enraged at the failure of his plans, Forte plans to bring the whole castle down with the rationale that they cannot fall in love again. This horrifies Fife, who finds it far too extreme and then he learns that his promised solo is blank. The Beast manages to get into the room until Forte's powerful music confounds him as he has no idea what to strike at. With Fife's advice, the Beast unplugs Forte's keyboard with his strength and smashing it, causing him to come crashing down and shatter into pieces, and the Beast laments the death of his old, traitorous confidant. Still, together they continue to have a happy holiday, which brings us back to the actual party, but of course, if anyone actually saved Christmas, it was Belle, and Fife becomes the new court composer of the castle. After the story, the others celebrate as the Prince gives Belle a gift, a single rose.
Beauty is the youngest daughter of an elderly merchant, playing the role of the family caretaker. Her father has received news that his ships carrying valuable cargo have been destroyed at sea. Now in financial difficulties, the family is forced to move to sell their property and move the countryside, much to the dismay of Beauty's spoiled sisters, Alicia and Pauline. However, Beauty and her brothers, Robert and Nathan, are able to adapt to the change. News arrives that one of the ships survived and has arrived at the city harbor. Beauty's father is to receive the shipment; Alicia and Pauline ask for expensive gifts, but Beauty asks for small rose. Beauty's father goes, but the ship's contents are damaged beyond repair and he has to leave empty-handed. On the journey home, he loses his way and finds a mysterious castle. Inside the castle, a meal has been laid out for him. The old man eats, and afterward finds a bed to spend the night. In the morning, the gentleman thanks his invisible host and prepares to leave. Remembering Beauty's request, he plucks a rose from the garden to bring back to her. A ferocious beast appears, enraged with the man for destroying what he loves most in the world. He threatens to kill him, until the gentleman explains about Beauty's request. The beast commands the man to return home and tell Beauty to come and die in his place. Beauty's father goes home and tells his children about his encounter with the beast. Beauty insists on taking her father's place, and the pair travel to the castle together. The beast offers Beauty's father jewels as compensation, but Beauty's father angrily declines. Father and daughter part ways sadly, and the beast is momentarily touched by their affection. That night, Beauty waits willingly for her death. To her surprise, she is given food by Clara, a maid who is capable of doing magic. The beast tells Beauty that he has decided to spare her life but she cannot leave the castle. Beauty is given a comfortable room and grand clothes to wear. When she sleeps, Beauty is visited by a sinister fairy who tells her to beware of the apparent kindness of the beast. Time passes and the friendship between Beauty and the beast grows deeper. One night after dinner, the beast asks Beauty if she should like to be his wife. Beauty gently turns him down, but the beast insists that he will grant her anything in the world to please her. Beauty asks if she will be allowed to return her home and see her family for a week. The beast agrees, but warns that if she stays away for longer than a week, he will die of sorrow. The beast gives her a magic ring that she need only twist to be taken to her family. That night Beauty twists the ring and goes to bed. She dreams of the sinister fairy again, who tells her that this is her chance and that she must let the beast die for her own sake. Beauty wakes up, finding the magic ring had worked and transported her to a fine city mansion that is her family's new home. Everyone is glad to see Beauty again, with the exception of Alicia and Pauline, who fear suitors will wish to marry her instead of them. The week passes quickly. Beauty is about to return but is stopped by a tearful Alicia and Pauline. Beauty misunderstands her sisters' attention and agrees to stay one more day, but is surprised by the sudden arrival of Clara, the beast's servant, who is there to remind Beauty of the promise she made. Beauty and Clara return to the castle, which is now in a run-down state. Beauty find the beast, who manages to give her a forgiving last farewell before dying. Beauty weeps, wishing that she could tell the beast that she loves him and that if he returned to her, she would marry him. The beast awakens, his body disappearing to reveal a handsome prince. An evil fairy, the same one as in Beauty's dreams, had cast a spell upon the prince, so that he would only return to normal if a woman of good heart agreed to marry him. Beauty and the prince live happily ever after.
10-year-old India Opal Buloni has just moved to the fictional small town of Naomi, Florida with her father, a preacher. While in the Winn-Dixie supermarket, she encounters a scruffy Berger Picard that is wreaking havoc. Opal claims that it is her dog and names it "Winn-Dixie". Winn-Dixie becomes friends with everyone he encounters, and so Opal makes some new friends in the process. She also rekindles her relationship with her father, and learns ten things about her mother, who abandoned them seven years ago. Opal describes the preacher as a turtle, always sticking his head into his turtle shell, and never wanting to come out into the real world. This is most likely because of how sad he is about her mother, with whom he is still in love. One of the people Opal meets is Miss Franny Block, a kind and somewhat eccentric elder librarian, who tells her many great stories, including one involving a bear. Opal also meets Gloria Dump, a blind recovering alcoholic with a tree in her backyard that has beer bottles hanging from it. She calls it a 'mistake tree' and the bottles represent the ghosts of all the things she has done wrong. One day, fed up with Winn-Dixie, the landlord of the Bulonis' trailer park, Mr. Alfred, orders the preacher to get rid of the dog. The preacher calls the animal pound to take Winn-Dixie away, but Opal begs her father to keep her dog. Unable to see his daughter this upset, the preacher tells the pound to return Winn-Dixie, claiming that he is not the same dog he called about. Opal gets a job at Gertrude's Pets and befriends a worker there, Otis, a shy ex-convict with a passion for music. She also meets a girl named Sweetie Pie Thomas, who is eager to get a dog like Winn-Dixie. Later, a thunderstorm comes and Winn-Dixie, being pathologically afraid of thunderstorms, runs away. While Opal looks for him, her father wants to give up and she blames him for the loss of her mother and Winn-Dixie running away. But her father explains that he tried very hard to look for her mother. He then admits that he believes that she is never coming back. Later they go back to a party and Otis starts to sing a song on his guitar. Winn-Dixie is heard outside howling along to the song. Everyone, while singing, lets him in and welcomes him back.
When Sara Newton and Beethoven are sent to spend the summer with Sara's Uncle Freddy in an old mining town, the mischievous Beethoven "digs up" a clue to the whereabouts of the legendary, hidden fortune of two bank robbers named Moe and Rita Selig. Now everyone wants to be his best friend as his discovery unleashes a frenzy of treasure hunting among the community's creatures. With help from Uncle Freddie and a boy named Garrett, Sara and Beethoven try to help uncover a secret that has been in the crazy little town for years. But he shoots dead the ghosts and is "declared" a hero.
Eddie, a struggling animal trainer and widowed father, is an assistant animal trainer to Sal DeMarco, an untalented, egocentric animal show host. Both men have been hired to train the animals for a film called Frizzy, The Bichon Frise: Sal as the dog handler, and Eddie is given only the responsibility of training the lizard. When Frizzy is kidnapped, Sal quickly claims that Eddie was responsible for the dog handling. Eddie is promptly fired. The director refuses to pay the ransom and decides to instead hold auditions for the new Frizzy. Meanwhile, Eddie's son, Billy, is walking around town when he discovers a large, stray dog is following him. Billy then brings the dog home and names him Beethoven after the dog shows interest in Ludwig van Beethoven's 5th symphony, after initially trying to call him Wolfgang. Eddie comes home to discover that, not only is his job gone, but now his house is wrecked by an oversized dog adopted by his son. We will soon learn that the one responsible for Frizzy's disappearance is Sal, accompanied by his two other cronies. He admonishes them for not waiting until Frizzy had already shot some of the movie, in order to make her valuable. The next day, when auditions are held, the director has trouble finding the right dog to replace Frizzy. Eddie has arrived to pick up his lizard, Pete. Suddenly, Beethoven bursts in and performs an impressive chase scene with Pete the Lizard, which instantly makes the director love him. Beethoven and Eddie are hired on the spot, and Sal is fired. To celebrate, Eddie takes Billy and Beethoven out for hamburgers, but Beethoven escapes with the burgers and leads Eddie and Billy on a chase. Finally, they find where Beethoven was going: he had been caring for his three small pups in an alley, as their mother had apparently died. In Beethoven's 2nd, she wasn't heard from again. Eddie begrudgingly adopts the puppies, as well. Eddie is then charged with having Beethoven perform the requested stunts in the movie. Unfortunately, Beethoven proves to be "untrainable", and instead, often crashes through the scene and making a sloppy mess in the process. Each time, Eddie is prepared to be fired, but the director finds these scenes even more funny and orders the scenes printed for the film. Lisa, the film's writer, requests from Eddie to spend more time with Beethoven so that she can write more appropriately for him. As revenge for being fired, Sal orders his henchmen to kidnap Beethoven for the million-dollar ransom, planning to kill him after the ransom is paid. They kidnap him while Billy is flirting with his crush in the park. Eddie, Billy, Lisa, and the puppies then head to Sal's show stage, which doubles as his secret lair, and rescue Beethoven. Sal and his goons are arrested, and Eddie and Lisa begin a relationship. The film ends with Eddie, Lisa, Billy, Katie, Beethoven, the pups, and Pete the iguana, all enjoying snacks while watching the film's premiere. The end credits have movie title parodies. These include Dog-E, When Hairy Met Frizzy and The Lizard of Oz. During the Gag Reel, Jonathan Silverman refers to Sal DeMarco as "Ned Ryerson". This is because the actor who played Sal, Stephen Tobolowsky, portrayed the character Ned Ryerson in the Bill Murray comedy, Groundhog Day.
A group of puppies are stolen from a pet store by two thieves. A St. Bernard escapes and sneaks into the Newton's home. The workaholic father, George Newton, doesn't want the responsibility of owning a dog, but his wife, Alice, and their children, Ryce, Ted and Emily, convince him. When Emily plays a portion of Ludwig van Beethoven's Fifth Symphony on the piano, he barks along and they name him Beethoven. Beethoven helps the children overcome their problems: he helps Ryce talk to her crush, scares off the bullies for Ted and saves Emily's life when she falls in the swimming pool of an irresponsible babysitter. George, jealous of the affection Beethoven receives, feels neglected as the family fawns over the dog. Beethoven's antics ruin a barbecue he is hosting for Brad and Brie, venture capitalists looking to invest in and secretly swindle him out of his car freshener firm. The family takes Beethoven to a veterinarian, Dr. Herman Varnick, for a routine medical examination and immunizations. They are unaware that he is involved in unethical and deadly animal experimentation and that he hired the two thieves. He speaks to George and tells him of a supposed mental instability among St. Bernards making them potentially dangerous to humans and advises him to watch Beethoven closely for any sign of viciousness. He actually requires large-skulled dogs such as St. Bernards for an ammunition test. Dr. Varnick visits the Newton home under the guise of doing a follow-up exam on Beethoven. He puts fake blood on his arm and hits Beethoven until he leaps on him. He tells George that Beethoven has to be euthanized or he will press charges. Emily, who saw Dr. Varnick hit him, protests that the attack was fake, but George, fearing for his family's safety, reluctantly takes him to Dr. Varnick's office. It is on the way there that George discovers his own affections for him: he remembers his father had to take their dog to the vet to be euthanized and he never forgave him for it. He fears that his own family will hate him now for taking Beethoven to be put down. When he returns home with the empty leash and collar, his family leaves the dinner table rather than remain with him. After recognizing the children's sadness and having a conversation with Alice, the family goes to Dr. Varnick's office, but he claims that Beethoven has already been put down. George notices that Dr. Varnick has no bite marks on his arm and punches him. The family follows Dr. Varnick to his warehouse. Beethoven breaks free but is recaptured by Harvey and Vernon, while Alice calls the police. George crashes through the skylight just as Dr. Varnick prepares to shoot Beethoven. Before he can, a captive Jack Russell Terrier bites him in the crotch, causing him to fire a shot in the air. During the fight, Ted drives the car into the building, launching numerous syringes into Varnick, sedating him. As the family frees all the captive dogs, they notice Harvey and Vernon trying to escape and send the dogs after them. They escape into a junkyard, only to be attacked by a pack of Dobermans guarding it. Dr. Varnick, Harvey, and Vernon are arrested for animal abuse. The family is praised as heroes by the news and George takes a new liking to Beethoven. Ryce also gets a phone call from her crush. The family then goes to sleep, saying good night to Beethoven and all of the dogs they rescued, who are all sleeping in the Newtons' bedroom.
Just married, Papi and Chloe are trying to keep up with their five puppies Papi Jr, Lala, Rosa, Ali and Pep running around the house, creating problem after problem. However, Papi shows a soft side for the pups and occasionally tells them of their ancient ancestors the Chihuahua Warriors often creating another problem. Aunt Viv, Chloe's owner, is in the rain forest for the next 6 months with her niece, Rachel searching for plants for medical research. During this time Sam, Papi's owner and Rachel's boyfriend, is caring for the whole chihuahua family. Sam takes Chloe, Papi and the puppies back home to meet his parents, Mr. and Mrs. Cortez. Sam finds out that his family is struggling to pay the mortgage on their house and the bank plans to take their home and sell it. Chloe and the rest of the dogs decide to compete in a dog show in order to win a large cash prize. Delgado, an old friend, also comes to the home and tells Chloe that he needs her help with a secret mission. The mission really is Delgado trying to tell his two sons the truth about why he left them as puppies, but he can't bring himself to do it. Later on, Papi had initially won the dog show, but because of the lack of breed papers, he is disqualified, and the dogs lose to an arrogant and vain French poodle named Appoline. After hearing that Delgado has sons in Los Angeles, the puppies set off to find them. In trying to help, the puppies get caught up in a bank robbery. Meanwhile, Chloe, Papi, Pedro and Delgado are in a frenzy trying to find the puppies when they appear running across the television screen at the site of the bank robbery. They all run out to the bank to begin searching for the puppies. The puppies happen to crawl into the crooks' duffel bags and end up at Hoffman's Bread Factory. Pedro finds a mask with the scent of bread on it which leads them to the factory. They foil the robbery, then return home to find that they have been awarded more than enough money to save their house and Rachel and Aunt Viv have returned. Delgado also goes back into the police force with his two sons, that now found out the truth on why Delgado left them as pups. Rachel accepts Sam's marriage proposal and the family celebrates.
Big Red is a Champion Irish Setter, his new master Mr. Haggin wants him to be a show dog. Rene, an orphaned boy hired to take care of the dogs, gains the love and respect of Big Red. When Mr. Haggin realizes that Big Red now sees Rene as his true master, he separates them and forbids Rene to see Red. Rene asks Emile, the other dog handler, why he has separated him from Red, Emile tells him that Red has to obey his master or he won't win at the show, and if he doesn't win Mr. Haggin will sell him... just like that. Rene asks Emile if he could just see Red for one minute, to say good-by. When Emile won't let him he waits till it's dark then goes to the window and tells Red good by and then walks away. Red tries to get out of the house and finally jumps through a window, but he is cut by the glass. They bandage him up but Mr. Haggin tells Emile to put him to sleep, but when Emile comes back the dog is gone, Rene had taken Red to his cabin deep in the woods. Rene nurses Red back to health then returns him to his master, who offers to give Rene his job back but Rene refuses. When Mr. Haggin sees that Red has scars and won't be able to be a show dog he says that he can use him to breed with, but then changes his mind and decides to sell Red and the she-dog he had bought to go with him. But on the train, the two dogs escape. When Rene hears about this he sets out to find them, Mr. Haiggn goes looking for Rene but has an entanglement with a mountain lion. And, after Rene and the dogs save him, Mr. Haggin makes a deal with Rene, to come and live with him and keep the dogs, Rene agrees and they go home.
The movie begins with four teenage, high-school, hockey players from Minnesota being chased down by the girls' field hockey team. Earlier, 16-year-old Kendall Knight had suggested that they pull a prank on the girls' hockey team: turn on the sprinkler valve to spray them all. Carlos Garcia attempts to pull the valve but was not strong enough. Eventually James Diamond agrees to help Kendall and Carlos. Logan Mitchell helps as well, which makes the four boys powerful enough to turn the valve. A group of angry girls chase the boys into a dead-end alley and beat them up. Meanwhile, hit record producer Gustavo Rocque and his assistant Kelly Wainwright are holding local auditions at the movie theater in Minnesota, looking for his new hit video popstar. While nursing their wounds with ice-packs on the couch, the four boys learn about Gustavo's auditions and try to get a hold of their respective moms to get driven there before five o'clock. When that is unsuccessful, the guys get their old neighbor to lend them her car. They have Logan, the only one with a learner's permit, drive them to the audition, taking their neighbor along. The guys run up to the talent agent, Kelly, just in time before the clock hits five. Kelly forces everybody to audition. During their auditions, Logan beatboxes, Carlos farts and James sings, but a fight starts between Kendall and Gustavo when he says that James has no talent. Gustavo tells James that his singing didn't make him fall off his chair. Kendall then jumps on the table and starts singing the giant turd song knocking Gustavo out of his seat. This leads to a fight with two security guards, with James jumping on top of them from the stage. Soon, Logan and Carlos join in as well, along with their old neighbor, who hits the security guards with her cane. Mrs. Knight is shocked when she opens the door to find that the police have brought the boys home. She demands an explanation and the boys tell her what has happened. Mrs. Knight lets them off the hook. Kendall's younger sister, Katie, asks the boys to sing the "Giant Turd Song" for her. The boys sing the song until Gustavo comes to the door and asks if Kendall wants to be his new hit popstar, surprising all four boys. Kendall is asked if he wants to fly to L.A. with Gustavo and make some demos but Kendall doesn't accept the offer because he thinks it isn't worth leaving his friends behind in Minnesota. The next day, Kendall is bugged by the guys to accept the offer. Kendall proclaims that it isn't worth it without his best friends. Finally, they convince him to call Gustavo. Gustavo shows up, telling Kendall he will make him a superstar. Kendall makes a deal: He will go along with Gustavo to L.A. if Gustavo takes all four of the boys along with him. Gustavo, at first laughs at the idea, but quickly agrees and the next day, they all fly out to L.A. The guys ride in a limousine to Palm Woods, a hotel and meet lots of different people. They have a great time discovering everything around them and living the life. Despite claiming that they won't let the fame go to their heads, only to be acting like celebs only ten minutes later. They also attempt to impress the Jennifers, only to get smoothies thrown in their faces. Meanwhile, Griffin, the eccentric CEO of Roque Records is angry at Gustavo for bringing back all four of the boys, as he believes that the boy band genre is dead, but gives Gustavo until Friday to show him what they can do. Gustavo puts the boys through his "Boy Band Boot Camp" telling them that all great boy bands need great moves, a great look, and a great sound. He hires a dance instructor who has worked with various celebrities to teach them dance moves. However they merely goof off and drive him to quit. The management team then attempts to find them the right look, only to dress them in ridiculous outfits. Finally he gives them the sheet scene for their first song, "Girl Time". Kendall insults it, prompting Gustavo to show them his wall of platinum records, 28 of them that have the word "girl" in the title. Kendall makes fun of Gustavo, causing Gusatvo to scream so loud that he causes a magnitude 3.1 earthquake. After calming down, he takes them into a sound booth to start recording, only for them to start hitting each other with pillows and fruit water. Gustavo finally has had enough. He tells Carlos that he can't sing, Logan that he can't sing or dance, James that he reminds him of Matthew McConaughey, and that Kendall acts like he doesn't even want to be here and that he'd rather quit producing then commit pop suicide with them. Upset at their careers ending before they even began the four get into a fight, which Katie stops by pushing them into a pool. They make up and sing the "Giant Turd" song, which causes the other Palm Woods residents to cheer. Kendall finally realizes that he does enjoy singing and being with his friends. Returning to Rocque Records, he tells the others that they are four hockey players from Minnesota and they can either dump the puck or rush the puck big time. They unanimously agree to big time rush. They go back to Gustavo and agree to do things his way on the condition that they get to sing a song other than Girl Time. Gustavo wants to hear a better idea and they state that they want to sing Big Time Rush, a song about four hockey players from Minnesota who have an amazing opportunity and are going to take their best shot. Kelly likes it and Gustavo reluctantly admits that he does as well. Come Friday they perform Big Time Rush in front of Griffin who likes it and allows them to stay for three months to produce their demos. Gustavo tells them that they are staying, but the next three months will be even harder than the last three days and that Carlos still can't sing, Logan can't dance, and he still doesn't like James. Kendall says that they will work on it. Gustavo says that now they can celebrate which they do and Big Time Rush is born. The screen then fades to "And the musical journey begins..."
Griffin assigns Big Time Rush to make their own Christmas EP, but in order to get back to Minnesota for the holidays, BTR has to make 3 songs as well as find guest stars for two of them, all in five hours before they can go to Minnesota for the holidays. First they record "Beautiful Christmas" and later they sneak into Miranda Cosgrove's TV special so they can record a song with her, but first disguise themselves as bears and later kidnap Fabio. Their cover is blown when Cosgrove opens the door to get her costume for the second part of her special and she sees James, Logan, Kendall, and Carlos.She isn't happy until the boys explain their situation, and that her manager's daughter loves their album. Fabio then confesses that he is a bad singer. Cosgrove changes her mind and decides that Big Time Rush should sing Fabio's part in "All I Want for Christmas Is You". Gustavo records it live when the song starts. After recording the second song, Gustavo gets run over by Snoop Dogg's limousine. Big Time Rush asks Dogg to sing a duet with them and he agrees. They record "12 Days of Christmas" with a twist of rap. After recording the third song, the band finally finish the EP but Griffin decides to record another song to complete the EP because he heard Justin Bieber's eight-hour song "50 Days of Christmas" featuring 50 Cent. Gustavo has a breakdown inside the studio and Kendall changes his voice to a Chipmunk-esque voice and agrees to record another song with Snoop called "Let's Stay in Our PJs". After recording the final song, the band leaves the studio for the holiday, only to discover that a blizzard has closed down all flights to the Midwest. Katie then comes forward and suggests they make some Christmas happen in L.A., which they do by bringing the studio decorations to the Palmwoods and installing them in the lobby for Mr. Bitters, to show him what it's like to celebrate Christmas the way you're supposed to  with friends. Gustavo and Kelly soon arrive as well; he missed his flight to Fiji and figured he might as well spend Christmas with the boys. He also reveals to them that he brought a Christmas feast, and as they all sit down to eat, the film comes to a close as the narrator wishes everyone a 'Big Time' Christmas.
In the series' second hour-long movie, it's BTR's first event for the release of their CD, and Gustavo hopes to boost their dreams of becoming a hit boy band. They go through many rehearsals until the point where all their Palmwoods friends, including Jo and Camille, cheer them on in their dress rehearsal. However, Griffin breaks their dreams by officially cancelling Big Time Rush. They say goodbye to their friends and Kendall and Jo share their first-ever lip-to-lip kiss, while Camille says goodbye to Logan by slapping him. They return to their old homeland, Minnesota. They attempt to head on for other goals, but over the course of length, have come to a point where they focus on their current dream. Kendall wants to be a successful hockey player, Logan wants to be a doctor, and Carlos wants to be a superhero named "El Hombre Del Flaming Space Rock Man". Gustavo buys Big Time Rush from Griffin for $2 million, selling his mansion and all his equipment along the way. Gustavo and Kelly go to Minnesota and take Kendall, Carlos, and Logan back to LA. James has already returned to LA with Gustavo's enemy, producer Hawk. Hawk alters the crib to suit James' personal style. Meanwhile, Kendall, Carlos, and Logan hold auditions to replace James. However, with the auditions being unsuccessful, they decide to only have 3 members in the band. James learns that Hawk is going to fake James' singing and looks with digital means and call him "Jamez". James returns to Big Time Rush and they begin to plan their first concert by putting posters around town and advertising on TV with the help of Katie, Jo, Camille, Guitar Dude and the rest of the kids from the Palmwoods. On the night of the concert, the boys walk into what looks like a dressing room, later Hawk and his assistant, Rebecca kidnap the guys. He drives off to an unknown location, ties the boys to chairs, and tells them that when they miss their first concert, their music career will be dead. Hawk takes all four of their cellphones and exits the building, leaving them stranded because he told the boys he wants to see Gustavo get angry and faint. Carlos jumps in his chair to near the staircase and falls down it, breaking it and freeing him. He unties the other guys and they escape, ending up in the suburbs of LA. When they think all is lost, a black limo shows up, and the driver, Sebastian, tells them that he quit working for Hawk, and drives them to the concert. Meanwhile, backstage, Kelly and Gustavo are worried because they can't find the boys. As Hawk and Rebecca arrive at the concert, he pulls the curtain up, causing the crowd to stop cheering. After long, the fans start booing, and they begin to walk out. But then, the boys show up at the last second to save the day. A dismayed Hawk orders Rebecca to stop them, but Sebastian throws two hot towels at them, burning their faces. As they perform, the fans' excitement level turns up to eleven. They go insane and chase the boys off the stage, which excites them for their album, and signing as a major boy band, to come. Gustavo demands Griffin give him his mansion back and have his studio restored while Kelly demands that he should run to his office and write down on a hundred sheets of paper that he won't turn down Big Time Rush anymore. The final scene shows the boys neighbor, Mrs. Majikowsky in the limo with Sebastian, who is now her personal driver, and there is a rack that promotes Big Time Rush and has several copies of their album. The movie ends as the words "And the musical journey continues..." on the screen, a reference to the end of the pilot episode, Big Time Audition with "And the musical journey begins...", ending the first season.
Bingo is an outcast circus dog whom his owners, Steve and Ginger), pay little attention to. Their star puppy, Lauren, develops an infection from having stepped on a nail, so they use Bingo in place of her for their next act - The Ring of Fire. But Bingo is afraid of fire and chickens out. In rage of the embarrassment, Steve gets ready to shoot him, but his wife, Ginger stops him and while trying to restrain him, tells Bingo to start over and find a family. Bingo does so when Ginger finally agrees with Steve to kill him when Bingo mistakes her orders several times. The next day, Chuckie and his brother, Chickie along with friends of his go for a bike ride but Chuckie is too slow. To prove to the clan that he isn't scared, he attempts to jump a bridge, but based on lack of skills, nearly kills himself in the process. Bingo sees the whole thing and jumps on Chuckie's stomach to get the water out of him. The next day after that, Chuckie wakes up to find himself completely naked and all his clothes have been hung up on the washing line. He eventually finds Bingo and thanks him for saving his life, and that they'll be friends for life. Bingo finds a fish for Chuckie to eat but encounter a bear in the process, to which Bingo manages to drive off. Meanwhile, Chuckie's parents Natalie and Hal, the latter being the place kicker for the Denver Broncos, worry over their son. But the next morning, when Chuckie does return, they don't want to know where he was, instead telling him to take a shower as he smells like "wet dog". Chuckie has to leave for school. After that, both boy and dog spend more time together. Feeling ignored and even emotionally abused by his parents and older brother who seem to care more about his father's NFL career he considers Bingo to be godsend, but Bingo causes trouble as well. Chuckie returns home and his best friend is largely blamed for the incidents. Hal tells him to go upstairs and start packing as he has been traded to another team, the Green Bay Packers. Chuckie makes a death-proof box for Bingo to sleep in so he can take him with him. But Bingo sneaks out in the middle of the night and goes to see the next-door's dog with flowers and a bottle of champagne. The next morning, he misses Chuckie's car as it drives off on the journey to their new home. Chasing the car, Chuckie's parents spot him, and they drive away. Bingo then gets into an encounter with a policeman, who believes he has been drinking and fines him. After escaping, Bingo passes out from dehydration and is taken in by a man. Bingo advises the rest of the captured dogs to dig under the cells and then attack him. Then he drives a truck and jumps out as they crash. As Chuckie and his family are staying at a motel, Bingo is around somewhere sniffing garbage. There, he is taken in by two criminals, Lenny and Eli. He sees that they have taken a couple and their two children, Sandy and Cindy, as hostages. Bingo realises they could be killed, so he telephones 911 and frees the family. The next day, the authorities arrive to arrest the kidnappers. In gratitude, the family take him in and the girls argue over what to call their new pet until a man comes in to take Bingo to court. After an unfair trial, Bingo is jailed for contempt of court. Bingo ends up in a cell with a man known as "Four-Eyes", who befriends him and saves him from a knife incident in the laundry room. That night, they escape together, but Four-Eyes isn't so lucky. Then Bingo walks for a long time and stops for a rest at a kind young woman, Bunny's house. She gives him some travel goodies and he walks again. He then finds Chuckie, but sees that he is walking another dog, so he mistakenly thinks he doesn't care about him anymore. Homeless and alone, he finds work in a friendly cook's restaurant. Lenny and Eli are informed of Bingo's escape and set out to kill him, but when they have him cornered, Chuckie spots them and races his bike towards the criminals, before he is picked up and put in their car. Once at their hideout, Chuckie is tied up and gagged. After an altercation over the phone with Natalie, Eli tells her they have Chuckie and that they want Hal to miss all his field-goals for that day's game. Natalie and Chickie repeatedly answer the door to Bingo, who holds a number of Chuckie's clothes. When he brings home enough of them to confirm evidence, Natalie suddenly becomes worried, and Chickie agrees to go out and try and spot where Chuckie is held hostage, in which he succeeds. Natalie phones Hal and tells him about how Lenny and Eli have Chuckie and are holding him captive. When said that they'll pay any amount, Natalie informs him that it's not like that and that Hal needs to miss all his field-goals or risk Chuckie being killed. After the phone call, Hal asks if he could have a word with his coach; he asks him "What's more important, family or football?", to which the coach responds that football is his life. Chickie runs into the room and tells Natalie that he's found Chuckie and that they have no choice but to call the police. Meanwhile, Eli and Lenny are attacked by Bingo, and is captured and tied up with Chuckie. Carelessly, Eli tosses his cigarette, setting the lair on fire just as they break for the car. Chuckie, seemingly dying, tells Bingo to ring the fire alarm. Bingo does so, overcoming his fear of fire. The police move in and listen to the game on the radio. Then they arrest Lenny and Eli and nurse Chuckie's injuries. They call the bomb squad to find a bomb that was hidden in one of the suitcases. After finding out that Chuckie is safe, Hal scores a last-minute, crucial field-goal, but at the same time Bingo is holding the suitcase containing the bomb and it explodes. Natalie screams and faints, and so does Chuckie. The fireman then makes a call and finds a piece of fur in mid-air. When Chuckie wakes up, he is in the hospital with Natalie, Hal and Chickie. Hal tells him they found Bingo so they go to see him in his room. Once they enter his room, they find a crowd of people. They are all the people whom Bingo met on his journey, and Natalie tells Chuckie that they are Bingo's friends and they've been at the hospital all night, since they all heard his story on the news and wanted to wish him well. Chuckie pulls the curtain to reveal Bingo with a bandaged arm, and lying down in bed. Chuckie tells him he needs him and he must pull through, and the doctor muses that he'll be fine. Then Chuckie asks Hal if he can keep Bingo, and after some encouragement from everybody, he gives in and says "Sure, son. Just as soon as we have him neutered." The film ends with a circle around Bingo's head when he gives an upset look as the credits roll.
Black Beauty narrates his own story. He is born on a farm in the English countryside and remains by his mother's side until he is sent to Birtwick Park to serve Squire Gordon and his family. Lady Gordon, the squire's ill wife, is pleased by the beautiful horse and gives him his trademark name, Black Beauty. Beauty is smitten with the squire's bitter chestnut mare, Ginger, who rebuffs his attempts to be friendly. However, Beauty also befriends Merrylegs, a perky grey pony who gives rides to the squire's young daughters, Jessica and Molly. On a stormy night, Beauty is pulling a carriage holding the squire and his caretaker, John Manly, home from town, but sensing danger refuses to cross a partially flooded bridge. When John tries to pull him to move, Beauty steadfastly refuses. When the bridge finally gives way, crashing into the river, John slips and falls in, but manages to hang on to Beauty's bridle. Beauty and the squire save John, and they again head off back home. Young Joe Green, who works in the stable, volunteers to look after Beauty that night. Joe's lack of knowledge about horses causes him to give Beauty ice cold water to drink and to neglect to dry him off or cover him with a rug for overnight, which causes Beauty to fall ill. The following few days John, Joe, and the squire treat and nurse Beauty, and he recovers. Lady Gordon's illness gets worse, and she is taken to a doctor in a carriage pulled by Beauty and Ginger. When they stop at an inn for the night, the barn where the horses are being kept catches on fire due to a carelessly dropped pipe. Joe rescues the horses. Lady Gordon's doctor orders her to leave England for a warmer place because her illness is so advanced. The squire and his family bid a sad goodbye to John, Joe, and the beloved horses. Merrylegs is given to the vicar who promises never to sell the pony. Beauty and Ginger are taken to Earlshall Park, home of the Lord and Lady of Wexmire, and Joe bids a tearful goodbye to Beauty. Beauty and Ginger are paired up to pull Lady Wexmire's carriage, but she demands that the horses wear uncomfortable bearing reins to raise their heads high, which angers Ginger. When the next day Lady Wexmire orders the horse's heads be strapped up even further, Ginger breaks away from the carriage in a rage. Lady Wexmire never calls for Ginger to pull her carriages again. Reuben Smith, the horses' new caretaker, rides to town with Beauty to take a carriage to be repainted. He becomes drunk at the local tavern. He nevertheless roughly rides Beauty home, who is losing one of his shoes. When the shoe finally falls off, Beauty stumbles and throws Reuben off the saddle, causing both rider and horse to suffer injuries. Both are found the next morning by Wexmire's men. Reuben is dismissed from his job, and Beauty is later sold by Lord Wexmire due to his disfigured knees. Meanwhile, Ginger's life is not improving. She is used by Lady Wexmire's son, Lord George, for horse racing, without training her first. After just one steeplechase, which she and George win, she is having breathing problems and is unwell due to a constant amount of heavy blows with a crop. Beauty is bought by a man who keeps horses for renting, but treats them terribly. He is eventually taken to a fair, where he briefly spots Joe, now a grown-up, but Joe doesn't notice him. Beauty's whinnies instead catch the attention of Jerry Barker, a taxi carriage driver from London, who's immediately taken by Beauty and buys him once successfully haggling the cost down to 17 guineas. Jerry introduces Beauty to his warm family - wife and two young children, who name him Black Jack. Though Beauty dislikes the harshness of London, he nevertheless likes his job as a taxi cab horse and Jerry's kind treatment of him. One day, Beauty spots and reunites with Ginger, now a cab horse, but has suffered from years of abuse by her owner. Beauty begs for her not to give up, but too soon she's led away by her owner on a fare. Some time later, Beauty spots her dead body on a wagon, her troubles finally over. One snowy night, Jerry has a dreadful cough that worsens as he's kept waiting for hours outdoors in the freezing weather for his passengers to leave a party. His condition then worsens and a doctor advises him to quit his job and move to the countryside. Beauty is reluctantly sold to a grain dealer where he's forced to pull heavy loads of flour. For two years of pulling heavy carts, he collapses from utter exhaustion. He is taken to a fair to be sold, but he is now so weak and in poor condition that no one wants to buy him. Then Farmer Thoroughgood and his grandson spot Beauty, and a young man sees him, too. Beauty realizes that the young man is Joe, and though he's hardly able to, he finds the strength and whinnies for his old friend and the two are finally reunited. Beauty lives the remainder of his life at Thoroughgood's farm with Joe, who promises that he will never sell Beauty.
Jenny Grey is a young girl who wants to be a competitive show rider but her father Alan doesn't approve, because his wife was killed in a riding accident. Jenny rides when she can and helps her neighbours deliver a foal. Alan sends Jenny off to boarding school in Melbourne to forget the idea but she rides whenever she can. When Jenny turns 18 she gets a job as a stable hand at Caulfield racetrack with the trainer Mr McIntyre and takes a room in a boarding house run by the caring Mrs Gianini, who also rents a room to Barry, a university student and mechanic. Jenny loves her job but frowns upon Mr McIntyre's seemingly uncaring treatment of his horses, namely when he works and races a horse with a sore leg, and sends the old stable dog to be put down. Jenny adopts the dog, whom Mrs G nicknames "Mr Dog", and soon a new horse arrives at the stables, a chestnut filly with a big blaze. The filly is the foal Jenny helped birth and has been given the name Blue Fire Lady. Lady is vicious toward the other stablehands but loves Jenny, who kindly begins to train her for the races as her rider and strapper. Meanwhile, she develops a romance with Barry, her house-mate. Blue Fire Lady's first race is a disaster for Jenny. She asked the jockey to treat her kindly, but Mr McIntyre - who doesn't believe the filly has any potential - tells him to whip her hard. Blue Fire Lady wins but is traumatized and hurt from the race. Jenny quits her job and later finds out from her old stable colleague that Lady is too hard to handle and will be sent to auction. Jenny tries to bid at the auction for $100 but is outbid by a man from the slaughter yards who wants horses for dog food. Barry, unbeknownst to Jenny, drives out to see her estranged father and begs him to see how much Jenny loves horses. At the auction Jenny is heartbroken when the dog food man wins Lady and cries by the stables. Barry comes in to find her and comfort her, and urges her to come outside. Confused, Jenny follows him, only to see her father handing a check to the dog man and Lady being loaded into a horse trailer. Her father smiles and hugs Jenny close, telling her he has bought Lady for her and he is sorry for not seeing her passion is for horses. The film ends with a clip of Jenny and Blue Fire Lady competing in a show-jumping round and her proud father and Barry watching on as she wins and accepts her trophy.
A couple of dogs called Stress and Relax leave in search for the Cariniana legalis, the oldest tree of Brazil. They are not sure what city the tree is. While Relax thinks only about having fun and get to know the culture of different parts of Brazil, Stress becomes increasingly eager to find the tree as he hopes to get rich selling souvenirs of it.
Jesse "Jess" Aarons is a 12-year-old aspiring artist living with his financially struggling family in Lark Creek. He rides the bus to school with his little sister May Belle, where he avoids the school bully Janice Avery. In class, Jess is teased by classmates Scott Hoager and Gary Fulcher, and meets new student Leslie Burke. At recess, Jess enters a running event, for which he had been training at home. Leslie also enters and manages to beat all the boys, much to Jess' irritation. On the way home, Jess and Leslie learn that they are next-door neighbors. Later in the evening Jess becomes frustrated when he finds that May Belle has drawn in his notebook, but his strict yet caring father sides with her. He later watches them gardening together, disappointed that his father does not spend time with him. Moreover, his mother cherishes her daughter more than him. The next day at school, Leslie compliments Jess' drawing ability, and they soon become friends. After school, they venture into the woods and swing across a creek on a rope. Jess and Leslie find an abandoned tree house on the other side, and invent a new world, which they call Terabithia. The fantasy world, which is a reflection on their lives, comes to life through their eyes as they explore the surroundings. For the next few days, Jess and Leslie spend their free time in the tree house getting to know each other. Leslie gives Jess an art kit on his birthday, much to his delight. Jess becomes angry with his father's attitude to him, and refuses the existence of Terabithia the next day at school. Afterwards, Jess apologizes to Leslie by giving her a puppy, whom she names Prince Terrien. Once in Terabithia, they fight with various creatures, including a troll resembling Janice, and a squirrel-like creature resembling Hoager, whom they name the 'Sqoager'. At school, Leslie becomes frustrated by Janice's fee for using the toilet. Jess and Leslie play a prank on Janice, and she becomes the laughing stock of everyone on the bus. Once Leslie's parents finish their book, she and Jess help paint their house. Jess is impressed by her parents' happiness, and smiles as he watches their family. At school, Leslie discovers from an upset Janice that her bullying is due to her abusive father, and the two become friends, with Janice later befriending Jess as well. Jess and Leslie take P.T. to Terabithia, where they fight off several creatures resembling students at their school. When it starts raining, they decide to go home, and Jess looks on smiling as Leslie runs away. The next morning, Ms. Edmunds, Jess' music teacher, calls to invite him on a one-on-one field trip to an art museum. Jess tries to ask his mother's permission; however, she is half-asleep and he takes her mumbling as approval. Jess doesn't ask Leslie to accompany him, and merely looks at her house as they drive by. When he returns home, Jess finds that his father and mother were worried sick since they didn't know where he was. His father reveals to Jess that Leslie had died that morning by drowning in the rain-swollen creek after the rope she used to cross it broke. Jess, being traumatized by this shocking news, first denies it, then runs out of his house to check on Leslie, but he discovers the emergency vehicles surrounding her house, and has no choice but to accept Leslie's death. The following day, Jess and his parents visit the Burke family home to pay their respects. Leslie's father, Bill Burke, tells Jess that she loved him, and thanks him for being a very good friend to her, since she had trouble making friends at her old school. Jess feels overwhelming guilt for Leslie's death, even lashing out at both Scott and May Belle, and imagining that a dark spirit from Terabithia is chasing after him, but his father eventually consoles him to keep their friendship alive for her sake. Jess decides to re-imagine Terabithia and builds a bridge across the river to welcome a new ruler. He invites May Belle to Terabithia; she is delighted because she was previously denied any opportunity to enter. They bring back Terabithia in even greater splendor, with Jess as king and May Belle as princess.
Millionaire animal lover and overall spoiled rich girl Trudy adds Buddy, a gorilla, to her family. Buddy finds life in the city very difficult to deal with. Although Trudy raises him as her own son in her mansion, he becomes hard to control due to his strength. A particularly bad experience in the Chicago World's Fair makes things even harder for Buddy. After he goes on an aggressive rampage and nearly destroys Trudy's home, Buddy is taken to an ape sanctuary to live among his own kind in peace.
Set against the backdrop of New Mexico, the film follows a boy, Josh Townsend, who moves because of his father's job and becomes involved with a group of teens attempting to preserve the buffalo and Navajo traditions. Along the way he makes friends and learns important lessons about life. The movie teaches about a few Navajo traditions. Josh eventually enters a race against his rival and proves to be the better of the two, however, he quits the race after seeing the buffalo herd stampeding. Josh quickly gathers his friends to save the town and while his rival refuses to help, his disgusted friends do. Together, they herd the buffalo away from the town and back onto their preserve. During the process, Josh's friend Thomas Blackhorse falls in front of a buffalo, but is saved by his sister who finally speaks for the first time in years to help calm the buffalo. Josh and his friends are hailed as heroes by the town and in recognition of his bravery, Josh is made an honorary member of the Navajo tribe with the name Rides With the Wind. He and Thomas, who he had trouble getting along with before, make a pact to keep the buffalo safe together.
Bugs Bunny and Daffy Duck have to sell books for Rambling House. They go their separate ways and experience many wacky things. For instance, while flying through a winter storm, Daffy ran into a house owned by Porky Pig and briefly stayed there while taking place of a stuffed duck which he merely destroyed. Meanwhile, Bugs burrowed his way to a jungle where he pretended to be a baby ape to an ape couple. One half of the couple wanted to do Bugs in, but manages to divert him after he accidentally dropped a boulder on his wife's head. After a little while, Bugs and Daffy reunite and burrowed their way to a cave at a dry desert. Inside, were treasures consisting of gold, jewels and stuff. The greedy duck tries to take the treasure, but he ran into Hassan the guard and made a mad dash back to Bugs who tricked Hassan into climbing into the clouds. Daffy ran back into the cave in excitement. Later, Bugs comes across Sultan Yosemite Sam's palace in the Arabian desert. Sam needs someone to read a series of stories to his spoiled brat son, Prince Abba-Dabba. When Bugs first meets the tyke and gets mocked, he objects to the idea of reading to him. Then, Sam threatens to make Bugs bathe in boiling oil, at which point Bugs agrees to read to Abba-Dabba. Bugs tries to escape in a variety of ways but to no avail. At one point, Bugs even escaped on a flying carpet from the palace, but Sam catches him. Meanwhile, Daffy tries to make off with the treasure. As he finished with it, he makes a quick check to see if he missed anything. That's when he encountered a magic lamp with a genie inside. Initially he rubbed the lamp thinking that with a little spit and polish, it would bring a few more bucks but it instead releases a genie whom Daffy pushes him back down thinking he was trying to steal the treasure. But the genie does not like what he was doing and chases him out of the cave by casting dangerous spells on him. Daffy then wanders through the desert in a desperate search for water. Back at the palace, Bugs is fed up with reading stories to the prince, so he dumps his book in the fire. As he was being threatened to be dunked in boiling oil, Bugs warns Sam not to throw him in a nearby hole which Sam eventually did. Little did Sam and Abba-Dabba realize that this was Bugs' ticket to freedom. So Bugs luckily escapes and ran into Daffy. Daffy was pleased to see Bugs and soon sees the palace, hoping to sell books there. Bugs tries to warn Daffy about the palace, but he would not listen. He found out the hard way and the two walk off into the sunset with Daffy missing all of his feathers. Daffy asks Bugs if he brought some suntan oil for him.
A mobster named Roxy Robinson is "splurged" by members of a gang, using rapid-fire cream-shooting "splurge guns". Once splurged, a kid is "all washed up... finished". Speakeasy boss Fat Sam introduces himself and Bugsy Malone, a boxing promoter with no money. At Fat Sam's speakeasy, there is much dancing and singing. Fat Sam is worried that his rival Dandy Dan will try to take control of the speakeasy. Blousey Brown, an aspiring singer, has come for an audition, but Sam is too distracted to see her. Bugsy meets Blousey when he trips over her luggage. He is smitten and flirts with her. Fat Sam's is raided by Dandy Dan's men, who shoot up the place. Dandy Dan's men continue to attack Fat Sam's empire, eventually taking away rackets and splurging members of Fat Sam's gang. Fat Sam sends all his available men to see if they can track down the guns. They are trapped at a laundry and all are splurged by Dandy Dan's gang. Bugsy returns to Fat Sam's to arrange a new audition for Blousey. Fat Sam's girlfriend, the chanteuse Tallulah, makes a pass at him. Although Bugsy rejects her flirtation, Tallulah plants a big kiss on Bugsy's forehead when Blousey enters; Blousey is jealous. Fat Sam hires Blousey after her audition, but she refuses to speak to Bugsy. Fat Sam hires Bugsy to accompany him to a meeting with Dandy Dan. The meeting is a trap, but Bugsy helps Fat Sam escape. Gratefully, Fat Sam pays him $200. Bugsy and Blousey reconcile and have a romantic outing on a lake; Bugsy promises to take her to Hollywood. When he returns Sam's car to the garage, he is attacked and his money is stolen. Bugsy is saved by Leroy Smith, who assaults the attackers and drives them away. Bugsy realizes that Leroy has the potential to be a great boxer. Bugsy introduces Leroy to Cagey Joe and helps him train. Fat Sam again seeks Bugsy's aid after his assistant Knuckles is unintentionally killed. Bugsy resists, but Fat Sam offers $400, enough money to keep his promise to Blousey. Blousey is disappointed when she learns that Bugsy hasn't bought the tickets to California yet. Bugsy and Leroy follow Dandy Dan's men to a warehouse, where the guns are being stashed. The two of them can't take the place alone, so Bugsy recruits a large group of down-and-out workers at a soup kitchen. They steal the crates of guns and take them to Fat Sam's, arriving just as Dandy Dan's gang arrives. Chaos ensues as a massive splurge gun fight erupts, covering everyone with cream. Unarmed patrons throw cream pies. The piano player is hit from behind and falls onto the keys, striking a single bass note. The tone silences the room, and the cream-covered crowd performs in a final number. They realize they can all be friends, and Bugsy and Blousey leave for Hollywood.
In the Australian countryside, five children are best friends, including a set of siblings, an English war evacuee, and aboriginal Neza. They boast to three strangers, Long Bill, Jim and Blue, about the mare belonging to the father of one of them. The next day the mare has gone. Suspecting the three men of stealing it, the children set off to recover it. They discover the horse thieves and harass them by stealing their food and shoes. They get trapped when the thieves trap them in an old ghost town, but are rescued in time.
It's a very special holiday for Caillou when he learns about Christmas traditions around the world and the importance of giving and sharing. When Caillou wonders just how many days there are left until Christmas, his Daddy gives him a Christmas calendar featuring holiday traditions from countries around the world in every window. Caillou also goes tobogganing, learns how to ski and plays Hanukkah games with his friend Leo. Caillou also gives away some of his toys when he learns about children around the world that are in need of toys such as his old ones he no longer plays with. Caillou's little sister Rosie also gets in on the Christmas fun. When Mom offers to help Rosie with making gifts, Rosie decides to try it on her own. The film features several songs performed by the cast of the film including "Where Christmas is Not The Same" and "Eight Days to Go" and "Everyday" performed by French artist Marilou.
It is summertime on the Island of Sodor, and the engines are very busy showing lots of holidaymakers, the beautiful sights of Sodor. One day, the Fat Controller announces that a new airport is to be built on Sodor, which will bring more holidaymakers on airplanes than ever. Thomas and Percy go to the site of the new airport, only to discover that 'Arry and Bert are on the same job. The twin diesels biff their trucks into Thomas and Percy and make their annoyance of having to work with them clear, which infuriates the steam engines. That afternoon, Thomas goes to the timber yard and finds 'Arry and Bert there. They boast that they have a very important job to do and claim that they have been given it because Diesels are better than steam engines, which angers Thomas. Then, he has an idea. Whilst Thomas is shunting 'Arry and Bert's trucks so they can be loaded with timber, he biffs them so hard, they miss the crane and the timber falls onto the tracks. Whilst Thomas and Percy are shunting trucks, Diesel confronts Thomas about the trouble he had caused for 'Arry and Bert, and boasts that he too has an important job. Thomas decides to play a trick on Diesel. Instead of shunting something useful for Diesel like timber or bricks, Thomas gives him bananas. Thomas and Percy go to the smelters to collect some steel girders. Upon arrival, they see that Diesel 10 with his giant claw has returned, and are so scared that they run away. On their way home, Thomas and Percy are surprised to see the Sodor Suspension Bridge is not painted and the new airport is only half-built. Worse still, Tidmouth Sheds have been demolished. Diesel reveals that the rebuilding the sheds was their important job, but because Thomas delayed it giving Diesel bananas, they have not been able to finish it on time. As a result, all the engines are forced to sleep on different parts on the Island. Thomas has to sleep with Emily at Knapford Sheds; James has to go to the coaling plant; Gordon has to sleep under a tent; Toby is lucky enough to stay in his own shed; Edward has to sleep at the quarry with Diesel; and Henry and Percy have to sleep at the Smelters shed. But there is worse to come. That night, a huge storm sweeps across the island and causes havoc. Trees are blown onto the line and the Sodor Suspension Bridge collapses. The next morning, the Fat Controller tells the engines that the storm damage must be cleared up before the work on the new sheds and the airport can continue. The next morning, Thomas is sent to collect an iron beam for the suspension bridge from Brendam Docks. Upon arrival at the suspension bridge, Thomas feels tired and the beam needs to be placed. Diesel wants to do it, but the foreman decides to let Thomas try. An exhausted Thomas struggles to hold the heavy beam and nearly is unable to carry it, but using all his strength, Thomas manages to lower the beams into place, much to Diesel's fury. When Thomas goes to collect paint for the bridge, Diesel biffs Thomas's flatbed so hard that the paint splashes all over Thomas. When Thomas sees 'Arry, he biffs him into a pile of gravel. In retaliation, 'Arry biffs James under the coal hopper. The matter escalates until all the engines are fighting. By the end of the day, everyone is dirty and no work has been done. The Fat Controller is furious at the delays and warns the engines that any more disturbances will mean they will not be able to open the airport and the railway will close permanently. This leaves the engines deeply worried over their recent actions. As a result, several of them dream what might happen to them if The Fat Controller's warning did come true and the railway closed forever. James has a dream of being a Coconut Shy at a carnival, Gordon is added to a playground, Edward turns into a scarecrow; and Percy turns into a roller coaster. All the while, Thomas has a dream on how to make things better. In his dream, he sees Lady and Rusty working together. Lady tells Thomas about teamwork and Thomas goes off to find Mavis as soon as he wakes up. Thomas finds Mavis at the wash-down and tells her about his plan: the Diesels and steam engines must work together to save the new airport and their home. Mavis says that they must talk to each other first, so Thomas suggests to have a meeting at the coaling plant the next day. Thomas and Mavis tell the engines about the meeting, and Thomas decides to tell Diesel 10, but gets cold wheels and backs down. The next day, Thomas races to the coaling plant and gets there in time to stop 'Arry and Bert from almost calling the meeting off as the engines start to argue about who is to blame for starting the trouble. Thomas explains that the steamies and diesels must work together in order to save the railway, and at last the engines put their differences aside. When Harold brings the Fat Controller, Thomas explains that the steam engines and Diesels have finally agreed to work together. Thomas soon gets the Diesels and the steamies to work together to help rebuild the railway. 'Arry and Bert help Gordon to take some workmen to Tidmouth Sheds; Mavis and Percy take some paint to the Sodor Suspension Bridge; and Toby and Daisy take some workmen to the airport. Very soon, the new airport is complete and the first airplane is sent to Sodor, but when Thomas accidentally derails some trucks, they hit the water tower, which falls to the ground and cracks the runway. The workmen quickly fix the runway, but they need George to finish the job and with Harvey on the other side of Sodor, he is too far away to clear the blocked track in time so they can bring George, who is too slow to come there by himself. There is no chance of the airplane landing. Thomas quickly has an idea and rushes off to find Diesel 10. Thomas gathers his courage and asks Diesel 10 to help them and tells him that he will be the most useful engine of the day. Diesel 10 is hesitant at first, but eventually agrees and follows Thomas to the airport. The steamies are shocked to see Thomas and Diesel 10 working together. Seeing Diesel 10 working alongside a steam engine convinces Diesel, 'Arry and Bert to finally respect the steam engines themselves. With the aid of the other engines, they clear up the mess and Thomas collects George to fix the runway. With the runway repaired, the airplane lands at last. The engines have learned that teamwork runs a railway, not opposition about their differences. That evening, the engines are happy to see Tidmouth Sheds rebuilt, especially Emily, when she finds that she is staying at Tidmouth Sheds from now on as an extra berth has been built especially for her.
Morris "Mud" Himmel has a problem: his parents want to send him away to a summer computer camp. He hates going to summer camp, and would do anything to get out of it. Talking to his friends, he realizes that they are all facing the same sentence of going to a boring summer camp. Together with them, he hatches a plan to create their own summer camp with no parents, no counselors, and no rules. Word gets out and other kids want to join the made up summer camp. Mud decides to blackmail former drama teacher Dennis Van Welker into helping; he had bought an AMC Gremlin and failed to make most of the payments and is being pursued by soon-to-retire collector T.R. Polk, and agrees to help them in return for $1,000 and after they threaten to turn him in if he doesn't help. With Dennis' help, the kids trick all the parents into sending them to the camp, and then rent an old campground with a cabin on a lake. Some parents believe it is a computer camp, while others believe it is a fat camp, military camp, or an acting camp. The kids use the money their parents had paid for camp to buy toys and food. After a little while, they get bored and wonder if they should just return home. Mud goes to Dennis for help, and with a bribe, he soon finds ways to keep things interesting and help them continue to have fun. Eventually, the parents want to come visit their kids, despite being told that there are no parents' days. Mud makes a plan to trick them and, along with his friends, they keep the camp concealed. In a matter of hours, they fix it up and set up different scenarios representing the different camps Their plan works and the parents don't suspect a thing. T.R. Polk then meets a state trooper who was also seeking Dennis, and they find their way into the camp and catch him. The police are called and Mud finds Dennis running away from the authorities. Mud is confronted by the police and protects Dennis from them, but soon after Dennis turns himself in. Mud confesses and explains that the whole thing was his idea, and uses the rest of the money to settle Dennis' debt with T.R. Polk, who'll retire with a perfect record. The other kids in a show of solidarity also claim responsibility and therefore all the parents refuse to press charges. Dennis gets off the hook and the kids leave for home, having had the greatest summer of their lives.
Danny, is a young student in middle school. He starts to develop feelings for his best friend, Julie. However a new student by the name of Archie comes in and sweeps Julie off her feet. Danny flees to the graveyard where his father is buried and talks to him about his problems. He soon comes across Hubbie the Ghost, who helps Danny with his girl problems. As a former living person from the 30's, Hubbie, gives Danny his advice. The advice repeatedly backfires, always leaving Danny depressed. Danny soon learns that Hubbie once had a former lover before dying in an accident. Danny and Julie end up together at a school dance and Hubbie re-connects with his former love with the help of Danny.
On the forest moon of Endor, the Towani family starcruiser lies wrecked. The Towani family are stranded. When Catarine and Jeremitt vanish, the children are found by the Ewok Deej. After Mace tries to kill them, the Ewoks subdue him and take both children to the Ewoks home. There, Cindel and Wicket become friends. Shortly thereafter, the Ewoks kill a boar wolf only to find a life-monitor from one of the Towani parents with the creature. They seek out the Ewok Logray who informs them that the parents have been taken by the monstrous Gorax, which resides in a deserted, dangerous area. A caravan of Ewoks is formed to help the children find their parents. They meet up with a wistie named Izrina and a boisterous Ewok named Chukha-Trok before finally reaching the lair of the Gorax. They engage the Gorax in battle, freeing Jeremitt and Catarine, but Chukha-Trok is killed. The Gorax is thought destroyed when it is knocked into a chasm, but it takes a final blow from Mace to kill the creature, which tries to climb back up after them. Thus reunited, the Towanis decide to stay with the Ewoks until they can repair the starcruiser, and Izrina leaves to go back to her family.
The Care Bears live in a cloud-filled land known as Care-a-lot. One of the Bears, Grumpy, is working on a rainbow carousel for the upcoming Care Bear Fair. His fellow Care Bears come by for a look; one of them, Funshine, loves telling jokes and making the other Care Bears laugh. After they reluctantly agree to try the carousel, it goes out of control and sends them into the sky before crashing down. Grumpy feels even worse after Funshine tries to cheer him up with a joke on height restrictions, which the other Bears find funny. Grumpy is not amused and even goes so far as to tell Funshine that if he doesn't understand that cheering up isn't making fun of, then maybe Funshine doesn't belong in Care-A-Lot. As a result, the Bears take Grumpy to help him and Funshine make up. Reading from a note, Tenderheart Bear realizes that Funshine has felt sorry for Grumpy and has gone in search of a place where his talents can be better appreciated. The other Bears are worried about his fate; as they cannot hold their Fair without him, they decide to look for him regardless and bring him back to Care-a-lot. Five of them Tenderheart, Grumpy, Wish, Cheer and Share volunteer, while Laugh-a-Lot, Love-a-Lot, Friend, Good Luck, Bedtime, and Champ stay home to get ready for the fair. The day after he runs away, Funshine hears circus music in the distance and strays from his camping spot to find out. Taking a seat on a bumper car, he embarks on a long ride which leads him to Joke-a-lot, a town where humour is dominant. The area's residents are astonished when he lands via parachute upon the town square; a female piglet called Gig tells him where he now is. Then a rat named Sir Funnybone arrives at the scene and dubs Funshine the area's long-lost King. Funnybone actually placed the car within the woods so that he could begin to gain his own power; he tells that to his henchmen, a trio of houseflies named Phido, Cleon, and Bidel. Eventually, Funshine learns the hard way that "serious" is a very bad word in Joke-a-lot. The Joke-a-lot residents celebrate a "Laff-Fest" in his honour; Funnybone gives him a tour of the town and takes him to his Royal Palace, where Funshine learns of the last two Kings and is introduced to the Royal Sceptre. Stored in a vault within the voice-activated Royal Treasury, the sceptre holds the Royal Jewels of Joke-a-lot, which Funnybone says are "the source of the magic power behind all the fun" there; only the king is granted access. Funshine wants to look, but Funnybone tells him that a coronation is about to take place. He plans to take command of the sceptre, now in the hands of a slow, elderly alligator called Grand Duke Giggle. At the coronation, Joke-a-lot's new "king" tells his audience two jokes to pass the time, before Grand Duke Giggle proceeds to give him the sceptre. Meanwhile, the other Care Bears find his belongings and take the same ride that he did. After they crash into the Royal Palace, Funshine is delighted to see them, but the Bears are a bit puzzled over what he has become. They miss Funshine and want him to return to Care-a-lot where he belongs; thus, he must make a very difficult decisionto head back home with them, or remain King of Joke-a-lot. He then announces that he will go home, but Sir Funnybone wants him to stay as king. During the "Laff-Fest", Giggle gives the sceptre to the new king. Funnybone orders Phido, Cleon, and Bidel to steal it when Funshine is not looking. He gets into the Treasury with it, unlocks the Royal Jewels, and escapes with this loot on a pink dirigible. As Grumpy is fixing his carousel, the other Bears must use it to stop Funnybone. The machine spins onto the dirigible, bursting the balloon and sending it aground. When the Care Bears come to the rat, he reveals his real name and homelandBasil Ratbone, from the No Fun Atoll, whose inhabitants have lived through a "serious" modus operandi. He wanted the jewels so much to enliven his fellow residents that he planned on stealing them from Joke-a-lot, and even pretended that Funshine's "tummy symbol" was the royal birthmark. Instead, the real onea "smiley mouth"was at the back of Gig's ears. The other Bears open the chest to find a jack-in-the-box, and other toys, which Funshine assures them are the real magic jewels. Funnybone apologizes for his misdeeds, and soon all of Joke-a-lot attends a coronation in which Gig becomes their Princess. The Bears promise to return to Joke-a-lot some other day and ride home on the flying horses from their carousel.
Oopsy, Cheer, Funshine, Share, and Grumpy are building WooHoo World, Care-a-lot's amusement park. Everyone has a job on the building of the park and Oopsy's job is painting the tracks of the Funderbolt ride. He had completed one part of the tracks but realized that he was stuck. Suddenly, he slips into the paint and rides down the whole ride by himself. Cheer, Share, Funshine and Oopsy decided to try the Funderbolt ride. After the ride, Oopsy stumbles and makes a chain reaction with plenty of disaster on the way that leaves Grumpy and the others wondering if they can fix Oopsy's disaster in time for the grand opening. Oopsy feels guilty for his actions and he wants to help his friends. Funshine recommends that Oopsy place the placing signs all around Care-a-Lot, this keeps Oopsy from causing any more trouble. Cheer gives Oopsy a special whistle in case he needs her help. Meanwhile, a mean bear called Grizzle, who doesn't understand the Care Bears and their "caring stuff", has a new plan to conquer Care-a-Lot. He creates a "ride" called the "CareTaker" that steals the Care Bears' belly badges. But he needs three ingredients to make the CareTaker work: a smiling sun, a crying stormcloud and a rainbow. He sends out Wingnut on a mission to Care-a-Lot to get the three ingredients. When Wingnut meets Oopsy, they became friends. Wingnut takes Oopsy to Grizzle's lair. Grizzle tells Oopsy that he created a new ride but in order to make it work, Oopsy must gather the sunshine, the stormcloud and the rainbow. Oopsy and Wingnut return to Care-a-Lot and later come back to Grizzle's lair with the sunshine and the stormcloud but Grizzle isn't happy with the rainbow that's painted on Oopsy's backside and says that they need a "real" rainbow. Oopsy uses the whistle to call Cheer. Grizzle then colors the CareTaker with Cheer's rainbow. Then, he told Cheer to try the CareTaker. Cheer rides the CareTaker and her rainbow symbol disappears. Grizzle falls out of his metallic suit, then he gets angry and gets back in his suit. Then, he locks Oopsy and Cheer into a slammer and he tells them about his plans to take all the belly badges off all the Care Bears and conquer Care-a-Lot, and then leaves. Oopsy feels bad about the situation, but Cheer cheers him and helps him figure out a solution to save the day. Suddenly, Oopsy sees one of his tools and uses it to open the bars. Then, WooHoo World is opened for business. When Oopsy and Cheer return to Care-a-Lot, they see that Grizzle stole all the Care Bears' belly badges and has stored them a translucent ball. Grizzle announces his intentions to use belly badge magic to conquer Care-a-Lot, but when he tries, the magic doesn't work for him. Oopsy points out that the magic works only for the Care Bears and those who care. Grizzle then tries to use the Funderbolt ride to destroy the belly badges and manages to destroy the ball. All the Care Bears are very upset about the situation. Oopsy urges every Care Bear to hold hands with each other and remember who they are and how much they care. The magic comes back, as well the belly badges to every Care Bear excluding Oopsy, who drew his own. Wingnut decides to stay with the Care Bears and sends Grizzle to his lair. The next day, when WooHoo World is reopened, Grumpy names a newly added part of the Funderbolt: a corkscrew-shaped ride called "Oopsy Loopsy". The film ends with the Care Bears enjoying WooHoo World with WingNut and some ride the FunderBolt. The end credits show pictures of children showing their Care Bears teddy bears.
Aboard their boat, a yellow bear and a purple horse look after the baby animals known as the Care Bear Cubs and Care Bear Cousin Cubs. On the way, a red sea serpent threatens themone of the many forms of Dark Heart, an evil spirit. They escape by following a rainbow up to the sky, while the boat transforms into the Cloud Clipper. There, the Great Wishing Star gives the group their "tummy symbols", pictures that indicate each creature's role or specialty. True Heart Bear and Noble Heart Horse, as the characters are named, become founders of the Kingdom of Caring, a land which comprises Care-a-Lot and the Forest of Feelings. For the Bears' first Caring Mission, True Heart and stowaway Swift Heart Rabbit travel to Earth and visit a summer camp. There, they meet three of its participants: a girl named Christy, and her friends, the twins John and Dawn. A boastful boy nicknamed the "Camp Champ" always defeats them in competitions, and assigns them to trash duty. Christy is unsatisfied at this; she and her friends run away, only to get lost in the woods. True Heart soon finds John and Dawn, and brings them to the Kingdom of Caring. After they arrive, the children hear a bell toll from the Caring Meter, which tells the Bears how much caring is taking place on Earth. Noble Heart and True Heart tell them to babysit the Cubs, before they leave to search for Dark Heart and Christy. Meanwhile, in the woods, Christy meets Dark Heart for the first time, and asks him to make her the new Camp Champ. He grants her that wish, telling her she must pay him back with one favor, and heads away while she rejoins her friends. Aware of Dark Heart's potential, True Heart and Noble Heart move the Bear Cubs to Care-a-Lot, and the Cousin Cubs to the Forest of Feelings. Both sets quickly grow up to become the Care Bear Family. Later, while the Bears prepare a party for the Kingdom's founders, Dark Heart enters Care-a-Lot in disguise so that he can capture the whole Family. A cluster of Star Buddies, assistants to the Bears and Great Wishing Star, drives him off; he then morphs into a raging red cloud. The Bears shoot light at him from their bellies, forming their "Care Bear Stare"; the Cousins also help by using their "Care Cousin Call". Afterward, True Heart and Noble Heart decide to search for him, and leave the Bears to handle missions all by themselves. During their patrol, Wish Bear spots Christy stranded in a canoe within a lake; the other Bears and Cousins set out to rescue her. Dark Heart fires lightning bolts before the team, and captures many of them with his magic bag the favor he wanted Christy to do all along. The few Family members at hand determine that she has teamed up with him. This prompts Tenderheart Bear to hold a conference at the Hall of Hearts; Friend Bear, Secret Bear and Christy's friends later join them. That night, Dark Heart's influence causes the other children to wreck the camp. The Bears and Cousins search for the Family members, before Dark Heart imprisons themfirst in cages, then inside big rubies hanging from a chandelier. Meanwhile, John and Dawn tell Christy of their conviction to rescue the Family from the villain. Feeling guilty, she finally pays him back by admitting what she has done. Despite this, her bargain with Dark Heart is over. True Heart, Noble Heart, John and Dawn enter Dark Heart's lair amid his impending deed; Christy asks him to free the others. While True Heart and Noble Heart enact their Stare, lightning from his cloud strikes Christy, who screams in fear and gets struck and wounded. With little energy left in her, she crashes down the chandelier with a marble.The Family members, finally free from the rubies, help True Heart and Noble Heart out. At the sight of a dead Christy, Dark Heart becomes remorseful for his actions. He asks the Care Bears to bring her back to life, but is disappointed that their kindness is not even enough. So he, the Family, John and Dawn chant "We care!" enough times to bring her back to life. Soon after, the group quickly leaves the cave as it transforms into an outhouse. Dark Heart becomes a real boy, and everyone is overjoyed. After a swim in the lake, the campers say goodbye to the Bears and Cousins; the former Dark Heart promises to be a better person at camp. The film ends with a message from its narrator, the Great Wishing Star, and flashbacks of the Care Bear Family's childhood.
Down on his luck Louisiana horse trainer Lloyd Bourdelle dreams of winning the All American Futurity at Ruidoso Downs in New Mexico. Lloyd has three sons: Buddy, Randy, and Casey. Buddy helps his father train horses, while Randy is a jockey. Lloyd takes Casey and Randy to a small bush track, to try to make some money by racing Casey's pony, Gypsy. They find a match race with Mr. Marsh and his daughter Kelly but play a trick on Marsh by tying a live chicken to Gypsy's saddle. Gypsy wins the race, but Marsh doesn't pay up, complaining that Lloyd cheated him by not having a rider on Gypsy. Lloyd had sent Buddy to buy a racing Quarter Horse for Calvin LaBec in the hopes of racing the horse that year, but Buddy returns home with an old broodmare. Calvin is angry with Lloyd and threatens to take his horses out of Lloyd's barn, until it is revealed that the mare is in foal to a stallion called Sure Hit. Calvin is placated by this information. The mare gives birth to a colt and then dies, leaving the family wondering how to raise him. Casey suggests letting Gypsy nurse the colt. Gypsy had just weaned her own foal, so the family gives it a try and Gypsy accepts the colt. Casey feeds and raises the young colt, who grows into a strong two-year-old. Lloyd names the horse Casey's Shadow, after his son. A woman named Sarah Blue goes to see the Bourdelle family, to offer Lloyd a large sum of money for the colt. They tell her they won't sell until after the All American, so Sarah agrees to pay $5,000 for an option contract, against a future negotiated purchase price, if she exercises the option. The option money gives them the money for entering the colt in the race. They take the horse to the local track to gallop him. While they are there, Casey runs into Mr. Marsh's daughter, who tells him he owes her five dollars. She goads Casey into having a match race for it, but during the race, Shadow spooks and runs onto hard asphalt, hurting his legs. The vet tells Lloyd and Buddy to rest the horse for six weeks. Calvin finds out the horse is injured but allows Lloyd to enter Shadow in the All American. Shadow runs in one of ten qualifying races for the All American, where he gets the fastest time in his race. Mr Marsh realizes that Shadow could beat his horse in the All American, sneaks into the barn where Shadow is stabled, and puts poison in the food bucket. But he has poisoned the wrong horse, and Gypsy slumps to the ground dead. Casey is heartbroken, and Lloyd, realizing that Marsh was responsible for the pony's death, tracks down and beats up Marsh. The next day, Shadow wins the All American but is found afterwards to be severely lame. Sarah Blue is upset because she wanted to buy the colt sound and is no longer interested in the horse. Calvin LaBec at first agrees with the vet that the horse should be destroyed, but seeing how this would affect Casey, Lloyd says he'll give up his share of the winnings to treat the horse. Reluctantly, the vet agrees to try to mend Shadow's legs. The operation is a success, and Lloyd and his sons take Shadow home.
A mysterious "spaceship" floats over a baseball game, eventually revealing Fatso, Stinky and Stretch, The Ghostly Trio, who cause panic in the ballpark. Their nephew Casper, a shy, friendly ghost attempts to settle the agitated crowd, but the people are scared of him as well. The park empties, and Casper's uncles plan a vacation. Meanwhile, an evil warlock named Desmond Spellman who believes himself the greatest warlock to have existed gets an unwelcome messaged by the Oracle in the Mirror who tells him that in the future, a 10-year-old named Wendy the Good Little Witch will surpass him in being the greatest witch ever. In response, Desmond plans to get rid of her with the advised "Mystic Abyss". He creates two henchmen: Jules and Vincent, and assigns them to bring Wendy to him. Wendy is living in the country with her three witch aunts, Gert, Gabby, and Fanny. Jules and Vincent arrive to abduct Wendy, who narrowly escapes with her aunts. To keep Wendy safe from Desmond, her aunts hide and vacation at a resort hotel, which happens to be the same place in which Casper and his uncles are vacationing. Casper and Wendy meet in a barn and, due to their nice personalities and having been bossed around by their respective relatives, become great friends. Realizing that her aunts and his uncles might not get along because ghosts and witches are natural enemies, Casper gets his uncles to haunt a dance, to which Wendy convinces her aunts to attend. The Ghostly Trio possess three men at the party and flirt with the three witches. Though everything seems to go well, the plan is foiled when the possession wears off and the ghosts' real selves are revealed to Wendy's aunts, who threaten them with magic. However, as Wendy explains to Casper, she and her aunts can't use powerful magic or else Desmond will be able to track them down. She begs Casper not to tell anyone about this. Unfortunately, when the Trio suspects Casper is protecting the witches, they pressure Casper into confessing that the witches cannot use their magic, prompting the Trio to attack Wendy and her aunts. Wendy feels she has no choice but to cast a spell on them, covering them in plaster, thus alerting Desmond's magic tracker. Wendy, distraught that Casper broke his promise, ends their friendship. After trying to escape the resort the witches are then found by Desmond and his henchmen. After confronting the witches Desmond explains the Oracle's prediction and after trying to resist him Desmond casts Wendy into the Mystic Abyss to destroy her, but Casper dives in to save her. Her aunts try to fight Desmond but are not powerful enough. Yet before Desmond can turn the witches into fertilizer, a giant three-eyed monster pops up and frightens the evil warlock, turning the tables and along with Wendy's broom pushing him causing him to fall into the Abyss himself. The monster turns out to be the Ghostly Trio, who combined their powers to defeat him. While they hold the Abyss open, Wendy's aunts pull her and Casper out. Now saved, the two reconcile their friendship. The Oracle proclaims that Wendy is the greatest witch because she did something no other witch ever could: She befriended a ghost. Casper, his uncles, Wendy, and her aunts all bid each other goodbye, and Casper and Wendy assure each other they will meet again soon. Before flying back home with her aunts, Wendy gives Casper a goodbye kiss and his face blushed bright red.
Jock Gray raises his collie Lassie to be an extraordinary sheep dog and companion. When he is beaten to death by robbers after he retires, Lassie keeps vigil over his grave and refuses to let anyone else take ownership of her. However, the law requires that all dogs be leashed and licensed by a legal owner. With no owner to pay her license and her only "home" being the church graveyard, Lassie faces an uncertain future. Her late owner's friend John Traill, his law student son William, and the keepers of the graveyard struggle to keep Lassie hidden from the zealous police Sergeant Davie and the town magistrate. Matters are brought to a head when they must go to court to plead for the dog's life before the Lord Provost.
The film takes place in the Cascade Mountains of Washington State. Charlie's mother lost her life when he was a cub, leaving him alone. Jess Bradley finds Charlie, takes him in and raises him. Charlie experiences some adventures growing up including some play time with a black bear cub and visits to his friend Potlatch for snacks. Potlatch, though has a Smooth Fox Terrier named Chainsaw, Charlie's nemesis, in the logging camp where Charlie grows up. This rivalry leads to problems including a wrecked kitchen and a trip down the river as part of the logging crew, which, of course, leads to more problems including another destroyed kitchen. As a result of all of this which costs the lumberjack company a great deal of money, Charlie is let go and tied up, until he hears and sees some of the employees involved with a log standing contest, in which Charlie does enter, however, when Chainsaw comes into the picture, Charlie loses his concentration and fall off the log into the water. The contest ends when the boss forces the other employees back to work, and Jess is forced to have to leave Charlie at home forever. Jess, in the meantime, has found himself a girl, who has become his fiance. Jess is forced to lock Charlie in a cage which doesn't hold him very long. Charlie hears a call from female cougar in the distance one night and he decides to break free to investigate. The two had a good time together, but it quickly turns sour when his new friend wouldn't share a meal she had recently caught. Charlie then moves on and finds himself a free meal from a farmer milking his cows. This does not turn out well for Charlie and havoc ensues on the farm. Charlie finds himself lost and on his own. He spends the summer hunting and getting by until one day when he, himself, becomes the hunted by a pack of dogs. He manages to escape by going on a log down a flume, until he hits a bunch of bushes, he then finds himself back at the logging camp. However, after spending the summer in the wild, his natural instincts have kicked in and he's more wild than tame now. When Chainsaw discovers Charlie, Charlie runs and gets trapped in a lift on the ground, the bosses men are about to shoot Charlie, until Jess comes to the rescue, telling them not to shoot Charlie at all, and manages to go down into the lift, and rescues Charlie. Ultimately, Jess has no option but to release him back into the wild, but in a nature preserve, where the cougars and other wild animals are protected from hunters, dogs, and other predators. There he finds the same female cougar, and lives happily ever after. This cougar is loved all around the world.
LA siblings Ted and Susan Johnson join their parents in Kenya where their father, Earl, works at a NASA tracking station, and their mother, Jean, works at a clinic. Teds dreams of roughing it on the savannah are squashed when Jean leads him into a house that looks like it belongs in Pasadena, California. Although Jean forbids her children to explore, Ted and Susan sneak out to a nearby watering hole to meet with ten-year old Morogo, a goat herder. Morogo shows the siblings the wildlife of Kenya and they show him how to play video games. One day, Jean comes home to discover Morogo in her home. Ted and Susan plead with their parents to let Morogo be their guide. Reluctantly, the parents give in. One day, Ted kicks a soccer ball over a barrier and it lands against a sleeping rhino. Morogo sneaks up on the beast, retrieves the ball, and places a small stone on the rhinos side. He then gives Ted another stone, daring him to do the same. The rhino awakens as Ted nears, sending him scampering up an embankment. A laughing Morogo tells him that a person must approach a rhino downwind or it will smell him. Kipoin, Morogos father, is displeased his son is keeping company with Americans, because they are cattle eaters. He is even more disgusted to learn they eat fish. One day, the trio comes across a cheetah cub whose mother has been killed by a poacher. Susan insists they take the cub home and talk their parents into letting them raise it. The cub, Duma, becomes the household pet, playing ball, wrestling, and riding in the family car. Ted trains her to come when he blows a whistle. As the date approaches that Ted and Susan must return to the U.S. to continue school, their father tells them it is time to decide Dumas fate. They go to town and meet with Larry, a game warden, who explains that before Duma can be released into the wild, she must be taught to hunt or she will starve. Mr. Patel, a storekeeper, offers to buy Duma, but Susan refuses. When they leave the store, Patel explains to a British adventurer named Nigel that he has an uncle in India that races cheetahs against greyhounds, and he could become rich if he could do the same with Duma. Larry tries to train Duma by placing roadkill in a burlap bag and dragging it behind his jeep. Instead of attacking the bag, Duma jumps into the jeep for a ride. Ted, Susan and Morogo continue the training by dragging bags of meat behind their bicycles. Slowly, Duma catches on and they take him out on the plains near a herd of gazelles. As Ted and Susan watch from a hill, they see a cheetah kill a gazelle, and think it is Duma, but Duma is asleep behind them. Meanwhile, Patel and Nigel hire a poacher named Abdullah to kidnap Duma. Patel explains that cheetahs are sprinters, not distant runners. He plans to make the race just long enough that the cheetah will run out of steam. Unlike all the other gamblers, he will bet on the dogs and make a fortune. The night before Ted and Susan are to leave Africa, Patel breaks into the house, steals Teds whistle, and uses it to lure Duma away. The next morning, when Ted cannot find Duma, Susan suggests it is a good sign the cat is exploring without them. After a tearful goodbye with Morogo, the family stops at Patels store to get gasoline. Patel sees the tears in Susans eyes and asks if she is crying over losing her pet. Ted realizes Patel could not know about Dumas disappearance and then notices that Abdullah is wearing shoes made from old tires, just like the tracks they found around Dumas mothers corpse. Ted tries to convince his parents that Patel kidnapped Duma, but they insist the animal is out exploring. At the airport, Earl tells his children he and Jean will join them in America in one month and their grandmother will look after them until then. Ted convinces Susan that Duma is in trouble. After sending their grandmother a telegram saying they will be delayed, the siblings take a bus back to Patels store and discover he is gone, but learn his whereabouts from his cousin. The two sneak into Morogos village and beg their friend to guide them. Morogo refuses, fearing his parents disapproval, but tells them it is a two-day walk and gives directions. Although Susan argues it is insane to make a two-day trek across the Savannah, Ted reminds her that Duma is in trouble. After a night of sleeping in a tree, Ted awakens to find something watching them from the bushes. As he and Susan hug each other, Morogo leaps out laughing. The trio spend a day crossing rivers, hills and miles of grassland. The next day, Kipoin goes to the tracking station to tell Earl his children have run off with Morogo. After calling the grandmother, Earl realizes Ted may have been right about Patel. The fathers go to the store and force Patels cousin to reveal his whereabouts. After calling the police, they learn that Morogos mother, Lani, visited Jean and both women have gone after Patel themselves. Across the Great Rift, the children find Abdullahs camp protected by a high fence and trip wires. They wait for nightfall before sneaking in. Along with a stack of fliers advertising Dumas race against the greyhounds, they find cheetah skins drying on the walls. Hearing Dumas whimpers, they enter a barn and find her locked in a cage. Susan and Ted go into a cabin looking for something to break the lock and are jumped by Abdullah. Nigel and Patel arrive and the three men argue over what to do with them. Abdullah wants to kill them, but Nigel suggests they lock them in the cage until after the race. When the men drive away with Duma, Morogo comes out of hiding. Susan, who was watching the gamblers, gives him the combination to unlock the cage. They walk to a road, where they are picked up by a policeman, but they escape at a gas station and hide in a truck full of sheep headed for the city of Nairobi. When the parents get to the police station and are told the children ran off, Earl sees a flier for the race and realizes they are heading for Nairobi. The children reach the racetrack in time to hear the cheetah-greyhound race being announced. Patel crows to Nigel that he has bet a fortune that Duma will lose. Duma takes an early lead in the race, but as the race progresses, the greyhounds catch up and pass the cat. Ted grabs a policemans whistle and blows. Hearing the whistle, Duma gets a second wind and wins by five lengths. The parents arrive just as Duma attacks Abdullah and Earl pulls the cheetah off him. As both sets of parents berate their children for being irresponsible, the police arrest the three kidnappers. Later, the family releases Duma into the wild in Cheetah Valley. As Susan removes Dumas collar, a male cheetah appears and Duma runs toward him. Susan quotes a Kenyan adage, Though they are separated, their spirits still share the same earth and sky."
In the small town of Oakey Oaks, Chicken Little rings the school bell and warns everyone to run for their lives. This sends the whole town into a frenzied panic. Eventually, the Head of the Fire Department calms down enough to ask him what's going on, and he explains that a piece of the sky shaped like a stop sign had fallen on his head when he was sitting under the big oak tree in the town square; however, he is unable to find the piece. His father, Buck Cluck, assumes that this "piece of sky" was just an acorn that had fallen off the tree and had hit him on the head, making Chicken Little the laughing stock of the town. A year later, Chicken Little has become infamous in the town for being crazy. His only friends are outcasts like himself: Abby Mallard, Runt of the Litter, and Fish Out of Water. Trying to help, Abby encourages Chicken Little to talk to his father, but he really only wants to make his dad proud of him. As a result, he joins his school's baseball team in an attempt to recover his reputation and his father's pride, but is made last until the ninth inning of the last game. Chicken Little is reluctantly called to bat by the coach. Little is able to hit the ball and make it past first, second, and third bases, but is met at home plate by the outfielders. He tries sliding onto home plate but is touched by the ball. While it's presumed he lost the game, the umpire brushes away the dust to reveal Chicken Little's foot barely touching home plate, thus declaring Little safe and the game won; Little is hailed as a hero for winning the pennant. Later that night back at home, he is hit on the head by the same "piece of the sky"  only to find out that it is not really a piece of the sky, but rather a device which blends into the background. He calls his friends over to help figure out what the device is. When Fish pushes a button on the back of the hexagon, it flies into the sky, taking Fish with it. It turns out to be part of the camouflage of an invisible UFO. Chicken Little manages to ring the bell to warn everyone, but the aliens see the crowds coming and manage to escape, leaving behind an orange alien child. No one believes the story of the alien invasion and think it is a repeat of the acorn incident, and Chicken Little is ridiculed yet again... until the next day. He and his friends discover the orange alien, and a few minutes later a whole fleet of alien ships descends on the town and start what appears to be an invasion. The invasion is actually a misunderstanding, as the two aliens are looking for their lost child and attack only out of concern. As the aliens rampage throughout Oakey Oaks, vaporizing everything in their path, Little realizes he must return the alien to his parents to save the planet. First, though, he must confront his father and regain his trust. In the invasion, Buck, now regaining his pride and trust in his son, defends him from the aliens until they get vaporized. It is then discovered that the aliens weren't vaporizing people, but the ray guns had teleported them aboard the UFO. Afterwards, the aliens return everything to normal, and everyone is grateful for Chicken Little's efforts to save the town.
Mrs. Tweedy and her oafish but mean-spirited husband operate a failing poultry farm in Yorkshire; the chickens are caged in the style of a World War II prison camp with a high fence and barbed wire, and two dogs patrol the grounds. Any chicken that fails to produce enough eggs is slaughtered for food. Frustrated at the "minuscule profits" generated by the farm, Mrs. Tweedy conceives the idea of converting their farm into the automated production of chicken pot pies. One chicken, Ginger, has long had visions of escaping with the help of her hen friends Babs, Bunty, and Mac, and two black-marketer rats, Nick and Fetcher, who help to acquire "contraband" from the Tweedys to aid Ginger's plans. However, she is always caught and put into solitary confinement. While thinking of a new plan, Ginger observes a Rhode Island Red cockerel flying over the fence and crash into one of the coops, spraining his wing. Ginger and the other chickens help to hide him from the Tweedys and care for his wing, learning that his name is Rocky. Ginger is particularly interested in Rocky's ability to fly and begs him to help train her and the other chickens to do the same. Rocky is coy, but proceeds to try to help train the chickens, unable to fully demonstrate due to his sprained wing. Meanwhile, Mr. Tweedy begins assembling the production line, and the chicken's food ration is doubled in order to fatten them. Amid the training, Rocky holds a large party to help relieve the stress; it's revealed his wing is healed, and Ginger insists he show them how to fly the next day. However, Mr. Tweedy completes the production line of a pie machine and immediately grabs Ginger for a test run. Rocky is able to save Ginger and helps to damage the machine, giving them time to warn the other chickens of the Tweedys' plan to make them into chicken pies and only a short time to plan their escape while Mr. Tweedy repairs the machine. The next day, Ginger finds Rocky has fled, leaving behind a part of a poster that shows him to be a stunt cockerel, shot out of a cannon from a nearby circus and unable to fly by himself. This makes Ginger and the other chickens depressed. Fowler the cockerel tries to cheer the chickens up by telling tales from his days as a Royal Air Force mascot, leading Ginger to the idea of creating a flying machine, called the Old Crate, to flee from the Tweedys' farm. All the chickens, with help from the rats, secretly assemble the required parts for the plane from their coops while racing against Mr. Tweedy's repairs. While travelling the countryside, Rocky sees a billboard for Mrs. Tweedy's Chicken Pies and is inspired to go back to help. With the machine now fixed, Mrs. Tweedy insists that Mr. Tweedy gather all the chickens, but the chickens are ready to escape. They gag Mr. Tweedy and tie him up long enough to complete assembly of their plane. Just before they take off, Rocky returns and joins them. Whilst taking off, Mrs. Tweedy chases them down and catches onto a Christmas light strand snagged in the wheels. Mrs. Tweedy climbs the strand, intent on chopping Ginger's head off, while Ginger races to sever the strand. Ginger manages to trick Mrs. Tweedy into cutting the strand with her hatchet, sending her straight into the safety valve of the pie machine and plugging it, causing the machine to build pressure in its gravy line and explode, destroying the machine and the barn. The chickens continue their flight to freedom, while Mr. Tweedy lambasts his wife for not listening to him about the chickens. When she starts to lambast him back, she meets her end when Mr. Tweedy pushes the heavy metal door down onto her, presumably killing her. Months later, the chickens have found a quiet island where they can enjoy their freedom and raise their chicks, while Ginger and Rocky have developed a romantic relationship. Nick and Fetcher decide to start their own chicken farm for eggs, but disagree on whether to have the chicken or the egg first.
On a climbing expedition in the Himalayas, Professor Jeffries is led by his Sherpa, Pemba, to a high point on a mountain using an ancient tablet. Jeffries is out looking for the Abominable Snowman, who lives in the mountains. He's convinced that the Snowman lives close by, but Pemba tells him he won't lead Jeffries anymore, as it would be intruding on the territory of the Abominable Snowman. Jeffries, who seems to care about the Snowman over their safety, decides to cut the rope and continue. As soon as Jeffries fades from view, Pemba sees the outline of a large creature in front of him. Meanwhile, Fred, Daphne and Velma are on vacation in Paris. However, Scooby-Doo and Shaggy have not arrived yet, and the gang wonders where they are. Shaggy and Scooby are in a small plane that they think is going to Paris, but is really going to the Himalayas to drop off Alphonse LaFleur, a French hunter and trapper. LaFleur wants to find and kill the Snowman, and is taking Shaggy and Scooby along as bait. LaFleur then locks Shaggy and Scooby up with his equipment, and throws them off the plane. Shaggy, realizing they are not going to Paris, manages to get a quick phone call through to Fred before the phone goes dead. Fred uses the GPS on his phone to track them, and then he, Daphne and Velma, head to the Himalayas to find them. Meanwhile, Shaggy and Scooby manage to land near a small village on the mountain, where Professor Jefferies and Pemba currently are. Jeffries tells Pemba he never should have left him, and that he almost died on the mountain. Many of the other villagers are leaving, fearing the creature and its wrath. Shaggy and Scooby go to the High Lama to ask for a phone to call their friends. The High Lama, a strange person, tells them there is only a phone on the weather station nearby. The High Lama is uneasy about letting them go in, but lets them. In the room is a statue of the Snowman holding a very large crystal, which the High Lama says it protects the villagers from the Abominable Snowman's powers. They then meet Pemba's sister Minga, who has decided to stay in the village. Minga constantly listens to the radio, and has a crush on the DJ from the station that she's listening to. Pemba tells her to leave the village, and he, Shaggy, Scooby and Jeffries, decide to go to the weather station. LaFleur arrives, and decides to accompany them. As they travel, Minga runs up to them and says that she heard on the radio that a big storm is approaching. Shaggy wonders how there could be any radio reception so high up, and Pemba tells him there isn't, as it's just the weather station man pretending to be a DJ. Pemba realizes that Minga has a crush on the weatherman and deduces that she's just tagging along with them as an excuse to meet him. Minga denies this, and explains that there really is a storm coming. Everyone looks up and sees a dark cloud, and they decide to set up camp to wait out the storm. During the night, Jeffries gets out of his tent and leaves with his sled, which is filled with TNT and other explosives. Some time later, the Snowman attacks Shaggy and Scooby. LaFleur tries to capture the Snowman, but all his traps backfire on the Snowman, instead working on him. Scooby and Shaggy manage to lose the Snowman but get lost themselves. However, they are relieved to see a snowplow approach them. In the snowplow is Del Chillman, whom the gang had met before. Del takes them to the weather station, where he works. Chillman tells them he decided to take the job so he could find out if the legend of the creature is true. He also reveals that he's the DJ/weatherman. He had the radio just to do weather reports, but plays songs to pass the time. Meanwhile, Fred, Daphne and Velma get to the village and see it is deserted. They follow Shaggys tracks and see where the party camped the night before, and also the footprints of the Snowman. Velma notes that they are not very deep in the snow. They find Pemba, who was caught by one of LaFleur's traps. Minga is nowhere to be found and Jeffries is still gone, so the gang decides to split up and search for everyone else. At the weather station, Del goes out to look for the others. Once he leaves, the Snowman appears and attacks Shaggy and Scooby. As they run away, LaFleur shows up and tries to capture the creature, but falls of a cliff, apparently to his death. Scooby and Shaggy manage to escape and find their way to the lost kingdom of Shangri-La, but are pursued by the Snowman. Del catches up to the rest of the gang, but finds the weather station destroyed and some helium tanks missing. As Scooby and Shaggy walk around the city, the Abominable Snowman appears and chases them. Daphne and Pemba find a large cave and go inside, and conclude that is where the Snowman lives. They also find an empty helium case. Shaggy and Scooby lose the Snowman again, and everyone meets up in an old mine, each coming from a different direction. There, they see Jeffries mining for lots of crystals like the one on the Yeti statue. They conclude he is the Snowman and capture him, although he denies it. Then the Snowman appears and chases everyone, while Jeffries gets free and follows them. The Snowman chases Shaggy, Scooby, and Jeffries down the mountain. Jeffries attempts to get the crystals in the mine cart that Scooby and Shaggy are riding in. The rest of the gang prepares a trap for the Snowman, but Shaggy, Scooby and Jeffries get caught in it. The High Lama comes out to see what happened. Then an avalanche starts, and almost crushes Velma and Del, but the Snowman saves them at the last moment. The Snowman is revealed to be Minga, who has been behind the mystery from the very beginning. She used the helium to fly, which caused the footprints to not be as deep. Minga confesses that she did it so that Del wouldn't stop broadcasting his radio show. Del's touched by what Minga says, and finds it romantic. Jeffries is taken to jail because he was taking the crystals for his own gain. The gang wonders if there really is a Snowman, but then LaFleur appears and tells them that something saved him from his fall and brought him to the village. The gang, along with Del and Minga, return to Paris for their vacation. Unfortunately, Fred gets on the wrong plane and somehow ends up in the Amazon. The others go to find Fred, with Daphne complaining, "I'd like to have a vacation that actually stays a vacation.".
This film is about a gang of innocent but feisty kids who lead carefree lives in Chandan Nagar colony that takes on the big bad world of politics when one of their friend's life is endangered. It starts with an introduction to the lead actors, who live in Chandan Nagar Society. Each of the eight children has his own identity and a nickname based on these qualities. Akram is the fast bowler, Encyclopedia is the mastermind. Not only that, but their whole team has a nickname  CHILLAR PARTY. They explain that they have mainly two enemies with the 'oversized' neighbouring cricket team to whom they always lose, and a dog to whom they have given a name  Loose Motion, since it has a tendency to make messes. So they develop an enmity against dogs. Their hopes are shattered shortly after a boy- Fatka who was employed for washing the cars of the society, enters with his dog Bhidu. They do everything to throw the boy and his dog out, but become unsuccessful. Eventually they develop a friendship with each other as Fatka helps them by serving as the lead bowler during the match with the neighbouring cricket team. But their happiness is short-lived when a reckless politician, welfare minister Shashikant Bhide, enters their life after his personal secretary is attacked by Bhidu for hurting Fatka. He announces that in a news telecast, all the stray dogs roaming about in residential buildings in Mumbai will be caught and terminated and gives an excuse that it is done so that Mumbai becomes safer- and declares the slogan as "Safe Mumbai and Safe Mumbaikar". He further informs that the dog can only be saved if the society files a NO OBJECTION CERTIFICATE within 1 month. Chillar party, shocked by this, strives hard to get the NOC- wherein they have to get at least more than 50% votes of the total residents in the society i.e. 31 votes. But they manage only ten votes after 15 days. To get more votes, they plan out few strategies but in vain. Finally organising a CHADDI MARCH- marching the streets with nothing on their body except underwears. They are telecast on TV and this gets them 10 more votes. With more hard work and awareness they manage to get another 10 votes counting a total of 30 votes. Only 1-day remains to complete the deadline of 1-month as declared by Bhide. Whilst all this chaos is going on, a t.v channel invites Bhide and the Chillar party for an interview. Seeing this as their last chance, they attend the interview which is being telecast across India. Knowing that that is the last day and dog catchers are after Bhidu, they pray hard to save him. During the interview they are constantly mocked by Bhide and asked if all these dirty tricks and uncultured techniques were taught to them by the textbook. As he asks to stop the telecast, Silencer, who doesn't speak at all, speaks for the first time. He opens his textbook and reads out loud "We must always help others" followed by others reading out "A friend in need is a friend indeed" and "We must do what is right". Overwhelmed by this the whole audience gives them a loud round of applause. Whilst in the society, dog catchers are already searching for Bhidu. The paper containing 30 votes is before the secretary, Mr. Tandon while he's watching the telecast. He resents Chillar party and is a close associate of minister Bhide. He was asked to give away Bhidu since this issue originated in his society. Chillar party pleads to leave and the interviewers agree. When they reach the society, they are disheartened as there is no sight of Bhidu. Suddenly Bhidu comes jumping in, wearing a collar reading "Bhidu- Chandan Nagar Society". While they were happy seeing Bhidu, they see the NOC on the desk with 31st sign  belonging to Tandon.
Set in circa 1910, the story opens with a montage of European Grand Prix races in which one particular car appears to win every race. In the final race, the car crashes and catches fire, ending its racing career. The car ends up in an old garage in rural England, where two children, Jeremy and Jemima Potts, have grown fond of it. However, a man in the junkyard intends to buy the car from the garage owner, Mr. Coggins, for scrap. The children, who live with their widowed father Caractacus Potts, an eccentric inventor, and the family's equally peculiar grandfather, implore their father to buy the car, but Caractacus can't afford it. While playing truant from school, they meet Truly Scrumptious, a beautiful upper-class woman with her own motor car, who brings them home to report their truancy to their father. After she leaves, Caractacus promises the children that he will save the car, but is taken aback at the cost he has committed himself to. He looks for ways to raise money to avoid letting them down. The next morning, Potts discovers that the sweets produced by a machine he has invented can be played like a flute. He tries to sell the "Toot Sweets" to Truly's father, Lord Scrumptious, a major confectionery manufacturer. He is almost successful until the whistle attracts a pack of dogs who overrun the factory, resulting in Caractacus's proposition being rejected. Caractacus next takes his automatic hair-cutting machine to a carnival to raise money, but his invention accidentally ruins the hair of a customer. Potts eludes the man by joining a song-and-dance act. He becomes the centre of the show and earns enough in tips to buy the car and rebuild it. They name the car "Chitty Chitty Bang Bang" for the unusual noise of its engine. In the first trip in the car, Caractacus, the children, and Truly picnic on the beach. Caractacus tells them a tale about nasty Baron Bomburst, the tyrant of fictional Vulgaria, who wants to steal Chitty Chitty Bang Bang. As Potts tells his story, the quartet and the car are stranded by high tide and are attacked by pirates working for the Baron. All of a sudden, Chitty deploys huge flotation devices and transforms into a power boat, and they escape Bomburst's yacht and return to shore. The Baron sends two spies to capture the car, but they capture Lord Scrumptious, then Grandpa Potts, mistaking each for the car's creator. Caractacus, Truly, and the children see Grandpa being taken away by airship, and they give chase. When they accidentally drive off a cliff, Chitty sprouts wings and propellers and begins to fly. They follow the airship to Vulgaria and find a land without children; the Baroness Bomburst abhors them and imprisons any she finds. Grandpa has been ordered by the Baron to make another floating car, and he bluffs his abilities to avoid being executed. The Potts' party is hidden by the local Toymaker, who now works only for the childish Baron. Chitty is discovered and taken to the castle. While Caractacus and the toymaker search for Grandpa and Truly searches for food, the children are caught by the Baron's Child Catcher. The Toymaker takes Truly and Caractacus to a grotto beneath the castle where the townspeople have been hiding their children. They concoct a scheme to free the children and the village from the Baron. The Toymaker sneaks them into the castle disguised as life-size dolls for the Baron's birthday. Caractacus snares the Baron, and the children swarm into the banquet hall, overcoming the Baron's palace guards and guests. In the ensuing chaos, the Baron, Baroness, and the evil Child Catcher are captured. The Potts family and Truly fly back to England. When they arrive home, Lord Scrumptious surprises Caractacus with an offer to buy the Toot Sweet as a canine confection. Caractacus, realising that he will be rich, rushes to tell Truly the news. They kiss, and Truly agrees to marry him. As they drive home, he acknowledges the importance of pragmatism, as the car takes off into the air again.
Animal doctors fight to protect the wildlife of Africa. An adventurous and fearless girl Paula Tracey is the daughter of veterinarian Dr. Marsh Tracey, the director of the animal hospital in East Africa. While studying the wildlife and caring for the injured animals and endangered species, they find Clarence, a wild African lion whose eyes make hunting impossible. Dr. Tracey and Paula take him in and adopt him as a new member of the wildlife preserve. Clarence later saves the day when Julie Harper and her research monkeys are threatened by poachers.
The film is about Melanie Porter, a 17-year-old college-bound girl who is getting ready to graduate from high school and really wants to go to Georgetown University. However, her father James Porter, the chief of police in the quiet Chicago suburb where they live, is overprotective of Melanie, and isn't ready for her to leave and study so far away from home. James has other plans for Melanie; he wants her to go to Northwestern University which is only 28 minutes away from home. James also receives problems from disagreements with his real estate agent wife, Michelle, the family pig Albert, who continuously annoys him, and his young son Trey, who spends much time with the pig. Melanie gets invited to an interview at Georgetown after a college recruiter saw her performance at a mock trial. Her two best friends, Nancy and Katie, offer to take her on their college road trip to Pittsburgh. Melanie is all set to go with her friends until her father surprises her with his own college road trip to Washington, D.C.. On their way, Melanie reluctantly visits Northwestern to take a tour. They meet an almost-too-happy father and daughter duo, Doug and Wendy, who are on their own college road trip. James has planted actors at Northwestern, one screaming at Melanie they lost an eye at Georgetown. Melanie almost falls for it until one of the actors says to her "Yeah, the chief's a pretty smart guy", since he never met James. Their car soon breaks down and they find Trey in the trunk with Albert and a supply of oxygen. They stop at a hotel but end up causing trouble when Albert eats coffee beans and becomes hyperactive. They run into Doug and Wendy again, who offer James and Melanie a ride since James' car broke down. Later, Melanie and her father ride on a tour bus where they try to work out their differences. At one destination, Nancy and Katie show up and take Melanie to a sorority house. James, due to a misunderstanding, and the owner not letting him in to check on her, sneaks into the house. After hearing that his daughter has faith in him, he decides to leave the next morning. Unfortunately, after Melanie leaves, he gets caught by the owner, brutally tazed, and arrested. James' mother comes to bail him out, and opens up about her own past fears when her son went to the Army, but still believed in her son to go his own path. James and Melanie end up forgiving each other at the airport. After dropping off Trey, they skydive to make the interview at Georgetown. Melanie is nervous, but James tells her she can do it and that they didn't come all this way for nothing. She then is accepted into Georgetown, which Wendy is accepted into too. In the end, James copes with letting go and the final scene shows the Porter and Greenhut families at Thanksgiving dinner. Melanie introduces her boyfriend Tracy, who turns out to be a male. James accepts this, and Wendy announces her engagement to Scooter, a chipper young man who behaves exactly like Doug. This causes Doug to finally snap and attacks Scooter.
Coraline Jones and her parents move from Pontiac, Michigan, to their new home in Ashland, Oregon, the dilapidated Pink Palace Apartments. Her eccentric new neighbors include Mr. Bobinsky, Miss Spink, Miss Forcible, and Wyborne "Wybie" Lovat, the grandson of the landlady, whose twin sister mysteriously disappeared years ago. Coraline also meets a black cat. Wybie gives Coraline a button-eyed ragdoll that resembles her. The doll then lures her to a small door in the living room, which is bricked up and can only be unlocked by a button key. That night, a mouse guides her through the door, where the bricks have been replaced by a corridor to the Other World, inhabited by button-eyed doppelgngers of people from her world. Coraline meets her Other Mother and Other Father, who are warmer and more attentive than her real parents, who are preoccupied editing a gardening catalog. After dinner, she goes to sleep in her Other Bedroom, but awakes in her real bedroom. Despite cryptic warnings from her neighbors, Coraline visits the Other World three times, where she meets the Other Mr. Bobinsky, the Other Miss Spink and Miss Forcible, and the Other Wybie, who has been rendered mute. The cat is the same cat as in the real world, not a button-eyed doppelgnger, but is able to speak in the Other World. The Other Mother invites Coraline to stay forever, but says a pair of buttons will have to be sewn over her eyes. Horrified, Coraline attempts to flee. However, she discovers that the Other Mother has blocked all the exits to the real world. The cat appears and reveals to her the sinister truth about the Other World and the Other Mother. The Other Mother suddenly grows taller and more grotesque and imprisons her behind a mirror. There, Coraline meets the ghosts of previous victims, including the long-lost twin sister of Wybie's grandmother. They reveal that the Other Mother, whom they refer to as the Beldam, created and sent button-eyed rag dolls that resembled them in order to spy on their lives. With the promise of a better life, she eventually lured them into the Other World, where she sewed buttons over their eyes and consumed their lives. To free their souls, their real eyes need to be found. Coraline promises to help. Coraline is suddenly rescued from the mirror by the Other Wybie, whose mouth has been stitched into a permanent smile after the Beldam caught him looking upset. He helps her escape back to the real world, but Coraline discovers that her parents are missing. She eventually deduces that they have been kidnapped by the Beldam. The cat advises Coraline to propose a "game": if Coraline cannot find her parents and the ghosts' eyes, she will let buttons be sewn over her eyes, but if she can, they will all be set free. The Beldam reluctantly agrees. One by one, Coraline finds the ghosts' eyes in the Other World, now turned nightmarish, from its deranged inhabitants. As she does, the surroundings around the Other Pink Palace Apartments gradually disintegrate until only the living room is left. She also discovers that the Other Wybie has been killed by the Other Mother. Inside, Coraline sees the Beldam in her arachnoid form. Warned that the Beldam will never let them go, she tricks her into unlocking the door. While the Beldam is distracted, Coraline finds her parents trapped in a snow globe, grabs it, and throws the cat at the Beldam's face. The struggling cat rips her button eyes out. Coraline escapes into the corridor and slams and locks the door shut on the Beldam's hand, severing it. Her parents reappear in the real world, with no memory of what happened. That night, the ghosts warn her to get rid of the button key to prevent the Beldam from accessing the real world. As Coraline prepares to drop it down the well, the severed hand attacks her and tries to drag her back to the Other World. Wybie smashes it with a rock, then throws the pieces and the key into the well and seals it shut. The next day, Coraline and her parents, who have finally finished their catalog, host a garden party for the neighbors. Coraline also prepares to tell Mrs. Lovat the truth about her twin sister.
A collie pup is separated from his mother and grows to young adulthood in the forest. After being swept away in a torrent and then shot by a young hunter, he is found by Kathie Merrick and carried to her home. With the help of a kindly shepherd, Mr. MacBain, she tends him back to health, names him Bill, and teaches him to herd sheep. One day, unknown to Kathie, Bill is hit by a truck and taken to an animal hospital. Kathie risks her life futilely searching for him on the island where they first met. Bill remains unclaimed in the hospital for two months and is sent to a War Dog Training Center, where he is referred to as "Duke". After training, he is shipped out with the troops to the Aleutian Islands Campaign. Duke performs heroically on the battlefield, but the stress and a wound cause him to become aggressive. Sent back to the War Dog Training Center to recover, he escapes, attacking livestock and threatening people as he finds his way back to Kathie. Merricks' neighbors insist he be put down because of his attacks, and Bill is impounded. A hearing is held and Mr. MacBain acts as Bill's lawyer. He discovers an Army tattoo in Bill's ear; a quick investigation reveals Bill is a war hero. All then realize that the dog who served on the battlefield was not himself after his war experiences, and he will need time to adjust to civilian life. Bill is freed and joyfully reunites with Kathie.
Four years after the events of Daddy Day Care, Charlie and Phil take their kids to Camp Driftwood, a camp they attended as kids. But once there, they discover that Camp Driftwood is no longer the kindhearted camp site of their time. To save the run-down site, Charlie and Phil buy a partnership from the older man that ran it when they were children, after the other partner runs off on vacation. They turn it into Daddy Day Camp. They run into misadventures along the way when the owner, Lance Warner, in the rival camp Canola tries to tear it down. The first day of camp turns out to be a disaster involving a skunk and a bathroom explosion, which leaves them left with only 7 campers instead of the original 35 and in need of help to improve their financial situation. The next day, the camp is raided by Camp Canola, which has been joined by the 28 campers who left Camp Driftwood, Charlie calls his military father, Colonel Buck Hinton, for help to whip the kids into shape, since they have problems following orders. After getting revenge on Lance for getting his campers to steal the Camp Driftwood flag, he then challenges Camp Driftwood to the Camp Olympian but the kids have to train for it. The kids love Buck because of his military ways and support, However, Charlie disapproves as he recounts that he doesn't want the kids to become like Buck because Charlie believes that Buck only cares about toughness and that he, Charlie, was a disappointment to him. He starts to regret his decision to call Buck when his son runs off to the woods, after some campers tease him about his father's over-protectiveness, because his grandpa Buck told him that he became 'tough' when he ran off to the woods. They find him but when Charlie complains to Phil about Buck, Buck overhears their conversation and leaves camp. On the day of the Olympian, the others find out that Buck has left. Seeing the kids discouraged, Charlie goes to find Buck and bring him back. He finds Buck and resolves all his problems with his dad. When they return the kids report that they found out that the rival camp has cheated in the Olympiad, and have been doing so for several past years; this is especially true when it's revealed that Charlie lost to Lance when they were kids. Charlie lets Ben do the climbing course, since Ben knows how to climb, but he falls. However, Becca tells everyone that Lance greased the wall, making everyone realize that Lance cheated in every game in the Olympian. While climbing a wall, Ben uses the tree next to it with enough time left to hit the bell giving Camp Driftwood the win. After all the times his stepfather refused to be his dad, Lance's son kicks him, causing the wall to fall over all of Lance's trophies. Camp Driftwood wins, and the parents who signed their kids to be in Camp Canola originally then ask Charlie for their kids to be in Camp Driftwood, which saves it from foreclosure.
The film starts with a female cat named Betsey Trotwood impatiently making her way through the Christmas festive streets of Blunderstone with armfuls of gifts. She wants to see her niece and is quite abrasive, knocking people around when they get in her way. As she passes, the film's main villains, a leonine named Edward Murdstone and a fat rodent named Grimby, are seeking new "workers"i.e. abducting orphans and urchins off the streets. At the Copperfield estate, a feline doctor sees to the widow Clara's delivery. The chubby mole servant/attendant Peggotty brings several containers of hot water and assures that the delivery will go smoothly. David is brought into the world. Betsey arrives with the belief that her sister gave birth to a daughter. When she finds out that her niece is actually a nephew, Aunt Betsey is furious and leaves in a huff. Years later, on his fifteenth birthday, David is quite happy with the gifts he has been given, including a harpsichord that had belonged to his late father, but not quite happy with his mother's insistence on being civil with Murdstone. When Murdstone arrives, he is rather rude, even to Clara's face, but she gets upset by David's response to his attitude. Clara believes that he will be a good father figure for David and be able to provide for him. David, as well as everyone else, senses something horrible about him and refuses to regard Murdstone with any level of respect, much to his mother's worry. Despite David's protests, Clara remarries Murdstone who repeatedly reassures her that it's for the best. In the meantime, he also harasses David and belittles him for having an imagination. His initial cruelty is best demonstrated when he nearly crushes David's little bird to death to demonstrate the cruelty of the real world. When Clara is brought down by illness, Murdstone arranges for David to move with him to London where he'll work in his factory. David protests but is forced to go along, although he has a chance encounter with love interest Agnes Wickfield when her father the Duke comes by Murdstone's factory. While Murdstone tries to keep the Duke from taking his factory, David and Agnes become more properly acquainted, bonding over a love of literature. But David's brief moment of joy is cut short by the Duke and Murdstone's arrival. But before they leave, Agnes arranges for David and Murdstone to join them for tea the next Saturday. David agrees. Once Agnes and the Duke are gone, Murdstone cruelly throws David into the factory where he is beaten and tossed about by Murdstone's security force. The next morning, David awakens in Mr Micawber's house and is ushered in by a dog named Mealy. They dissuade some angry Londoners demanding Micawber pay their debts by making a charade that Micawber left his wife and kids. The Micawbers are far more civil than Murdstone. Micawber brings food for the workers but the time comes for work. Throughout the film, most of Murdstone's scenes consist of actions reaffirming his villainy, such as destroying Clara's letters to David and counting down the days until her death, and he delights in the prospect of breaking down David and robbing the Copperfield fortune. Meanwhile, David hopes to escape from the factory though Mealy tells him of the various obstacles like the guards and a moat filled with alligators. He also speaks of the "Cheese Monster," a beastly vulture that circles the premises to catch runaways. With this in mind, David turns his focus to Robinson Crusoeinspired methods of bettering the workplace, such as using a rope to lift a wooden ramp to ease transportation of giant cheese wheels. Despite increasing efficiency and production, Murdstone is angry. Wanting revenge, he has Grimby and the guards capture David and lock him and Mealy, who had been helping David escape, in a tower. David manages to kill the boredom by telling Mealy the tale of the Three Musketeers. The next day, David and Mealy are ushered for an hour break before their next shift. While walking through London, they come across the angry Londoners wanting Micawber to repay their debts, which gets worse for them when a pig gets stuck in the chimney. Micawber appears just as the debtors leave frustrated. David and Mealy praise his act. David finds out about Murdstone's mail tampering and asks if Micawber can get the next letter to Peggotty. Unfortunately, just as David and Mealy get ready for their next shift, Murdstone catches on and demands that the Micawbers treat David badly under the threat of using their infant children as workers. Agnes, disguised in a beggar's cloak, makes her way towards Murdstone's factory and sees just how hellish life is down there. On the way, she sees David and Mealy running to make their next shift. Determined to see David again, she hides underneath Grimbys carriage. While working the night shift, David gets a glimpse of the "Moldies" in a drainage grate. "Moldies" were one of Murdstone's experiments gone wrong that spread and trapped the workers in a mold-like slime. David is nearly decapitated by a cheese guillotine by Murdstone due to sleepiness. Agnes appears and comes to David, believing him to be hurt. When he awakens, he's rather delighted to hear that Agnes cares. Unfortunately, Murdstone appears and forcefully ushers Agnes out. Making matters worse, the Duke is more concerned with how this might damage his reputation than listening to his daughter. Back at the Copperfield estate, Peggotty cries over the death of Clara. An unknowing David becomes more determined to escape and is told by Mealy that he should "read the streets." Murdstone loses his temper when he finds out that Clara made a new will, but then considers that he'll just have to get the will from Peggotty. Thus, he plots to have Peggotty come to them. Peggotty arrives and has Micawber hide Clara's will in his chimney while also giving David the bad news. Unfortunately, Murdstone has David and Mealy thrown in the Tower again when he can't find the will which has everything left to David. Fortunately, Mealy has a plan where he talks aloud as if Murdstone and Grimby have been fattening up the Cheese Monster so they can eat the vulture. Grimby searches the Micawbers' domicile and threatens Peggotty and the Micawbers with Moldy exposure if they don't give up the will. Unfortunately, Murdstone and Grimby find the will and revel in David's seemingly broken state. Fortunately, Mealy and David set up their plot to escape, making a hollow cheese wheel to cover David. Agnes arrives to seek out David but is captured. Due to her unexpected appearance, David's escape via hollowed cheese wheel plan fails. Mealy briefly fights off Grimby and Murdstone for a chance to get David over the gate. Agnes gets away from the crooked guards and readies her horse. Fortunately, the Cheese Monster gives David a chance to catch up to Agnes and the two leave while Murdstone and Grimby are caught underneath the Cheese Monster's girth. Unfortunately, Micawber and Mealy are tossed into the sewers where the Moldies lurk while Peggotty and Mrs. Micawber are kept under security. David and Agnes express concern over David's plan to enlist Aunt Betsey's help by getting to Dover. Out in the sticks, the two try to figure out their location while Murdstone and Grimby try to figure out why David would be heading towards Dover. The derby-wearing bird David befriended earlier is seen imprisoned with a chain to a globe made out of cheese. He's set free when Grimby tosses a cleaver and cuts the chain. He flies away when the two villains leave and gives the news of the couple's leave to Dover to the Cheese Monster who knows a shortcut. In the rural areas, Murdstone has Grimby search out the terrain like a scent-hound, and he finds a trail of Agnes' perfume. Later that night, Agnes is chased by a bunch of wild boars who trap her in a tree. David tries to find her among the thick trees. The next morning, the derby-wearing bird finds David and alerts him to a way to Dover. David finds Agnes in the tree, and with some effort, pushes a boulder to ward off the boars. Unfortunately, the boulder knocks over the tree and Agnes' cries for help catch Murdstone's attention. The tree breaks further and Murdstone only makes it worse. Both Agnes and David let go and plummet down a waterfall. Murdstone and Grimby dance and chant "We did it! We did it!", soon gloating about David's apparent death to the workers back at the factory in front of a burning, blazing furnace. Down the river, David and Agnes emerge from the water not far from Aunt Betsey's place. Her pet parrot, Mr. Polly, discovers David and Agnes worn out on the staircase. The derby-wearing bird gives Mr. Polly the word of Murdstone's actions. Aunt Betsey is glad to see David and agrees to help them with getting back at Murdstone and Grimby and freeing their slaves. In the sewers, Mealy is despaired over the news of David's "death" though Micawber refuses to believe it until given proof. Unfortunately for them, the Moldies come back and they are next seen up to their necks in the purple cheese. Murdstone and Grimby try to get the Duke to sign over complete control of the cheese factory. Before any official documentation can be made, Aunt Betsey comes in with a full-on police force to kick and arrest the guards. Murdstone orders Grimby to get his "cheese gun" and starts firing cheese bombs at everyone. David and his bird allies come in to take out Murdstone and Grimby using the giant cheese globe, trapping them in a thick layer of cheese. The employees are freed and celebrate as Murdstone and Grimby are taken away. David finds and helps Mealy and Micawber to escape, along with the Moldies. The full-on sunlight that comes through the open grating is enough to break open the Moldies' captive cheese shells. The film ends on Christmas with David hosting the grand opening of the Copperfield Orphanage and everyone cheering for David and Agnes' love.
After having left their own world due to a loss of natural resources, the winged humanoid Nohrin settle on Jhamora with the permission of the ground-dwelling Lokni. Would-be conqueror Sedessa leads those Nohrin that believe in its own racial superiority and try to take land away from the Lokni. The parents of Delgo, a Lokni, are killed in the resulting conflict. Nohrin King Zahn is horrified by the war and admonishes Sedessa, who then poisons the Queen and almost kills Zahn as well. She is subsequently banished, and her wings are clipped off. Delgo, meanwhile, is raised by Elder Marley, who tries to teach him how to use the power of magical stones. Delgo grows up and he gives in to his desire for revenge against all Nohrin. He meets Nohrin Princess Kyla and develops a tentative friendship with her. When she is kidnapped by Nohrin General Raius, who is actually working for Sedessa, Delgo and his friend Filo are blamed and arrested. In the Nohrin prison, Delgo meets Nohrin General Bogardus, who was forced to illegally gamble with his weapons by Raius, because Bogardus opposed an all out war with the Lokni. Delgo, Filo, and Bogardus escape into some underground caverns and eventually reach Sedessa's stronghold and rescue Kyla. They return too late to avert a war taking place. Bogardus fights and defeats Raius, but he is mortally injured. Just as Bogardus dies, Delgo realizes that he was the Nohrin soldier who spared his life many years ago during the first war between the Nohrin and the Lokni. Meanwhile, Sedessa's army of monsters join in the battle. Kyla convinces the Nohrin generals to direct their troops to stop fighting the Lokni and instead pick them up and fly them away from the battlefield. Filo then directs an entire stampede of large animals onto the battlefield, sending Sedessa's minions fleeing for their lives. Delgo goes off to face Sedessa and find King Zahn, whom she has taken prisoner. He finally manages to master the stone magic, and defeats Sedessa. He also puts the past behind him by saving her rather than letting her fall to her death. However, Sedessa then attacks Kyla, who has come to Delgo's aid. The two struggle and Sedessa finally falls, injuring herself by the fall and her artificial wings being of no use. Later, during the celebrations, it turns out Raius was not dead, and he makes one last attempt to kill Delgo. He is subdued by a Nohrin, but not before he throws his spear at Delgo. Then, out of nowhere, the spear breaks in mid-air. Everyone turns to look at Filo, who has finally mastered his slingshot. Later, Delgo and Kyla's friendship blossoms into romance when they finally kiss.
The 12-year-old orphan Kex Bradley, escapes from an orphanage, hoping to see the world. He stows away on a lifeboat, but is later pushed overboard during a storm out at sea and later finds himself on an island called Dinotopia. Here, he befriends the beloved young dinosaur "26" and a 12-year-old girl named Mara. They get in trouble fast as the evil Ogthar is released from his stone prison and recovers the Ruby Sunstone, whose dark power can endanger all of Dinotopia. They soon have to stop Ogthar in time to save Dinotopia. In the process, the Ruby Sunstone is destroyed.
Dot ventures out into the bush determined to finally locate the little lost joey and reunite him with his mother. On her way she meets a silly bunny rabbit who tries to convince Dot that he is the joey she is looking for. Dot is delighted by his antics and names her new companion 'Funny Bunny'. Together they continue the search for the joey. On the way Dot learns that Funny Bunny is really a very lonely rabbit. His family was killed by hunters and he has been on his own ever since. They find mother kangaroo, and though she has not yet found her joey, when she sees the lonely bunny she realizes she has found someone else to look after.
Doug Funnie and Skeeter Valentine discover a monster that lives in Lucky Duck Lake. Believing the monster is evil, they are scared of him at first, but later on, they find him to be nice. Despite this, however, the monster is proof that their friend Beebe Bluff's wealthy father, Bill Bluff, owner of Bluffco Industries, is polluting the lake, which was what created this monster. The monster almost eats the book Moby Dick, but Skeeter stops him and says, "Stop! You almost ate Herman Melville! You don't eat books, that is a NO!" and the monster returns it to them as an apology, so they name him Herman Melville after the author of the book, and the monster takes a liking to the name. Mayor Tippy Dink advises Doug to keep this a secret or Mr. Bluff will kill Herman. Unfortunately, all of this commotion with the monster makes Doug forget that he was supposed to meet Patti at Mr. Swirly's, the owner of the local ice cream factory. When he remembers this at the last minute, he runs to Swirly's as fast as he can using the quickest shortcuts that he knows. Once he gets there, Patti is nowhere to be seen. He asks Mr. Swirly if he's seen her, and he says that she was here for a while and looked very upset, and then left with a guy who kept talking about his big plans for a dance. When Doug heard this, he knew that this guy was no one else but Guy Graham, a snobby upper class man who wants Patti. Meanwhile, Roger and the AV nerds are building a robot to kidnap Herman, but when they build the robot it acts like a babysitter to Roger, much to the latter's dismay and annoyance. Doug then rushes to the Funky Town night club, where Guy and Patti are working on the dance. He apologizes to Patti there and she accepts his apology, but Guy cuts in and says that Doug is "just a stupid little kid." Doug, very angry now and going against Mayor Dink's warning, says that he has proof that Mr. Bluff is evil and is polluting the lake. Guy then calls Doug a liar. Doug then invites them both to the report that is being held in front of his next-door neighbor and husband to Mayor Dink, Bud Dink's house about Herman and the pollution and hopes to get back at Guy. Doug then leaves, but the picture of the monster falls out of his pocket without him knowing. Guy picks up the picture and realizes that Doug was telling the truth; however, he calls Mr. Bluff, whom he has connections to. At the reporting, Doug sees that a news reporter's camera is inflatable. He then realizes that the news company is a fake, that it is supporting Mr. Bluff, and trying to capture the monster. Doug then has to tell everyone that there has been a mistake, Patti gets mad at him, thinks that he is a liar, and walks away with Guy. That night, Mr. Bluff finds the boys with Herman and kidnaps the monster. The next morning, Doug knows that this is his last chance to save Herman. He goes to the school newspaper room, hoping to find Guy who can lead him to Mr. Bluff. Guy isn't in the room, but Doug sees a newspaper article that says that Mr. Bluff and his men blew a monster to smithereens at a school dance. Doug is at first sad and believes that Herman has died, but he then realizes that the school dance isn't until tonight and that this is what is being planned, so Doug and Skeeter call the Sleech twins Al and Moo to help. At the school dance, Doug has to save Herman rather than being with Patti. When he does the former, Mr. Bluff catches Doug and Skeeter in front of Crystal Lake after Herman escapes into it and plans to enslave them, but is stopped by Beebe and Mayor Dink. Beebe forces her father off of the scene to defend her friends, while Mrs. Dink hints at Mr. Bluff facing the wrath of the federal government if he does not clean up Lucky Duck Lake, which could bankrupt him and Bluffco due to lawsuits. Doug then finds Patti in front of the woods and tries to tell her he is in love with her, but is interrupted by Herman. With the return of Herman and a copy of the newspaper, Patti sees that Doug had been telling her the truth all along and dumps Guy for lying to her about all of this. Also, Skeeter gives Herman the Moby Dick book for something to eat in the lake and Herman also gives Doug a flower to give to Porkchop to which Porkchop comes running out of the woods into Herman's arms. The kids say goodbye to Herman; after Herman jumps back into the lake, Doug tells Patti he likes her and Roger almost becomes friends with Doug, but is interrupted by the robot. Doug starts dancing with Patti and Skeeter dances with Beebe as the music continues in the background. Doug closes his journal that even though he was worried about being a big loser, but he learned to do the right thing which is important. A big huge bubble of water bursts open on the surface once more.
As a child, Phil Davis was able to outrun, outjump and outhit anyone in his class, until a kid from California, Ace Montana, moved into town. Ever since then, Ace has been number one and Phil number two. Even in the cul-de-sac where the four childhood friends and rivals and "Big Jimmy" Scaldoni) live, the Montana's mailbox is #1, and the Davis' mailbox is #2. After a basketball game where Phil's son's team loses to Ace's son's team, Phil realizes that the Davis family's second-place status has passed on to the next generation. Phil's wife Kim, the den mother of the local Cub Scout pack, gives a pinewood derby kit to each of the Cub Scouts. Although the boys are supposed to make their own cars from the kits, with appropriate adult supervision, the four dads obsessively take over the project, totally excluding the boys. As each man becomes more and more obsessed with building the fastest car, their wives eventually become so annoyed that they leave the house, taking their sons with them. Soon, "Big Jimmy" is the first to break secrecy to talk to Blaine, and the two of them then talk to Phil, showing him on the title page of the Pinewood Derby Bible that Ace Montana is the author. Not only that, but the car Ace built as an eight-year-old boy in California still holds the record for the fastest pinewood derby car on record. The three men decide to collaborate to build one car that will beat Montana's. To this end, they steal Ace's record holding car to reverse-engineer it, finding out that Ace's real name is Stacy Lynn, but are nearly caught in the act of returning it. The three men then succeed in building a fast car that will break the record, and Blaine and Jimmy decide that Phil should have the honor of having his son enter the car in the competition. At the Derby, the men and their wives are re-united. Kim tells Phil that their son Brady has built his own car while staying with his grandfather, with advice from grandpa's neighbor, and she challenges him to "do the right thing". After some soul-searching, Phil passes up the car the three men built, and allows Brady to register his car for the race  but "Big Jimmy" still wants to beat Ace, and takes the car for his son to enter. After several races, the competition comes down to five finalists, including Ace's, Brady's, and the car the three men built. In the final race their car is leading the pack but loses a wheel. Ace's car then takes the lead, but on the flat part of the track, Brady's car takes the lead and finishes first, setting a new pinewood derby record. Ace is shocked, but makes a gesture of congratulating the Davises; still, the minute he leaves the room, he throws a temper tantrum. When Phil asks Brady who grandpa's neighbor was who gave him advice, Brady points out a man in the audience, who turns out to be the man in the instructional video Phil has been watching to help design his car.
Maya Dolittle thinks she doesn't have to spend 7 years in college to be a vet because she can talk to animals. While taking a walk with Lucky, she helps a cat on a tree by talking to it. She gets discovered and Tiffany Monaco, a Hollywood star, brings her to L.A. to help her little puppy, who turns out to be a male. Soon, Maya and Tiffany began creating their own show, The Animal Talkers. Maya also meets Brandon Booker who is her love interest. Maya soon finds out the show isn't about helping animals and goes back home to study being a vet. She also finds out Brandon is at her school too. Meanwhile, Monkey is out in L.A. searching for his big break but quits because he wants to help Maya.
Lucky the dog explains Dr. John Dolittle's gift of talking to animals. Several years after the first film, John's work as a human and animal doctor has made him famous, and he often takes trips around the world to perform his skills there. One night, John comes home from France and gives his wife a present from Paris. He also gives his daughter, Maya, a chameleon named Pepito. Also, Charisse's sixteenth birthday is coming today, but she is also not doing well in her classes. As a punishment, John takes her phone away. Later on, Charisse's boyfriend, Eric, comes over and decides to join the family at the birthday party. During all this, possum and a raccoon, Joey, approach John and tell him that their boss, the Godbeaver, wants to see him. The next day, John meets the God beaver, who shows him that the forest is being cut down. John plans to save the forest by getting an endangered female Pacific western bear together with a male to save their species. At a circus, John attempts to get Archie, the surviving male member in his species, to go out into the forest to teach him to become a real bear. Reluctantly, he agrees but John knows that Archie doesn't know what kind of bear he is and never acts as a real animal. Then, after taking his family on a vacation to the forest for the rest of the month, John makes a deal with a female bear named Ava to not make any decisions for the month and promises to turn Archie into someone she will love, despite the fact that she is involved with another male bear named Sonny. While he unsuccessfully trains Archie, John hires the local forest creatures to make an attempt to stop Charisse and Eric from making out. But during the training, he ignores Lisa for the next few days. Then, John tells Archie that he will find a way to win Ava's heart. John attempts to win Lisa over by dancing in their cabin, with every animal in the forest watching as John dances with Lisa, and as the two attempt to embrace, Lucky accidentally blows it. Archie attempts to get Ava's attention by singing her a song while imitating John in a smooth voice and on a tree branch, but blows his attempt when he is too heavy for the branch to hold and he falls down. Archie refuses to come out of his new-found cave because of humiliating himself in front of Ava. Archie proclaims that it was hard but John knows how hard it is when his wife grows mad at him. Frustrated with John's insults, Archie hits John, making him fall on a muddy hole, and he begins to listen to his "inner bear". Later on, Archie spends the rest of the day with Ava, whose relationship with Sonny isn't doing very well. Meanwhile, Lucky attempts to win the affection of an attractive female wolf. This attempt was successful as Lucky urinates around her territory and she is about to go out with him but one of her packmates came and finds Lucky urinating part of the pack's territory and they leave, much to Lucky's dismay. At the same time, Ava is forced to leave Archie by Sonny. Afterwards, Mr. Potter, the owner of two logging companies, attempts to make a deal with John, and when Archie arrives, he tells John he has his "big finish", knowing that he will win Ava about John telling him to listen to his "inner bear". Back at the cabin, Charisse is beginning to hate living in the forest and is annoyed with her family talking to the animals, though John doesn't know what is bothering her. Meanwhile, Archie goes after a bee hive on a fallen tree at the edge of a tall hill, and despite commands from John and attacking bees to stop what he is doing before he falls off the hill, Archie manages to get the hive, finally winning Ava's heart and the respect of all the other forest animals. In a game of hide and seek with Ava, Archie is shot by a tranquilizer dart fired by Mr. Potter's apprentice. John later learns that Archie had somewhat destroyed the back of a restaurant in the woods. After getting information from a weasel of what happened, John visits Archie in a jail and tells the bear that he may be too dangerous to be set free and is going to be sold to a Mexican circus, thus costing John his chances of saving the forest. Then, John realizes that Charisse has developed her father's gift of talking to animals, though it has been in her for two weeks now, which reignites John's determination to save the forest. Later, John holds a meeting for every animal in the forest to not give up without a fight, and everyone agrees to do it in order to free Archie. The animals, led by Charisse, Eric, and Maya, rebel against the loggers, and every animal around the world goes on strikes in another effort to free Archie. Mr. Potter and his apprentice are then attacked by some of the animals at the company, such as a swarm of rats, a fleet of pigeons, a pack of wolves, and Mr. Potter's apprentice is then attacked by the swarm of bees outside the building, while Mr. Potter is cornered by Ava and Joey, thus forcing Mr. Potter to start more negotiations with John and the animals. When the animals refuse Mr. Potter's new deal to have twelve acres in their home, the strike keeps growing. Finally, a deal is made, which the Dolittles and the animals accept, thus freeing Archie from jail and saving the entire forest outside of San Francisco. At the end, John and Charisse become closer, both talking with and helping animals together, while Archie and Ava mate and have two cubs.
The people in Whoville enjoy celebrating Christmas with much happiness and joy, except the Grinch, who despises Christmas and the Whos. He occasionally pulls dangerous and harmful practical jokes on them with vengeance. As a result, no one likes or cares for the Grinch. Meanwhile, six-year-old Cindy Lou believes everyone is missing the point about Christmas by being more concerned about the gifts and festivities. She herself has a face-to-face encounter with the Grinch at the post office, in which he reluctantly saves her life, and she becomes interested in his history. She then asks everyone what they know about him, and soon discovers that he has a tragic past. The Grinch actually arrived in Whoville by mistake when he was a baby, and was adopted by two elderly sisters. Although he showed some sadistic tendencies as a child, he was rather good and timid, not as cruel as he would later become. In school, he was bullied by his classmates, led by Augustus May Who, who grew up to become mayor of Whoville, because of his appearance, with the exception of Martha May Whovier, whom both the Grinch and May Who had feelings for. One Christmas season, the Grinch made a gift for Martha, but attempted to shave his face after being made fun of for having a "beard", cutting himself by accident. When his classmates saw his cut face the next morning, May Who and the others ridiculed him. He lost his temper, trashed the classroom, and fled to live on Mount Crumpit, a mountain north of Whoville. Cindy Lou, inspired by this story, decides to make the Grinch the main participant of the Whobilation, much to the displeasure of Mayor May Who, who reluctantly agrees after pressure from the townspeople, who have been warmed by Cindy Lou's generous spirit. When Cindy Lou goes to Mount Crumpit and offers an invitation to the Grinch, he turns her down. He gradually changes his mind due to the promise of an award, the presence of Martha at the celebration and the chance to upset the Mayor. Just as the Grinch is enjoying himself, May Who gives him an electric shaver as a present, reminding him of his humiliation at school. May Who then asks Martha to marry him, promising her a new car in return. In response, the Grinch berates the Whos, and criticizes Christmas, claiming that the holiday is only about gifts that they will just dispose of later, in the hopes of making them too ashamed to celebrate the holiday. The Grinch then goes on to ruin the party by burning the Christmas tree and causing chaos throughout Whoville, but his actions prove to be fruitless as the Whos have a spare tree, which the Grinch sees them erect before he leaves. May Who then accuses Cindy Lou for inviting the Grinch, making her feel ashamed. The Grinch, knowing that his attack has failed to remove the Whos' Christmas spirit, instead concocts a plan to steal all of their presents while they are sleeping. Creating a Santa suit and sleigh with his own dog Max as a "reindeer", the Grinch arrives at Whoville, stealing all of the Whos' Christmas gifts. He is almost discovered by Cindy Lou, but lies to her in order to escape. On Christmas morning, the Whos discover the Grinch's scheme, and May Who blames Cindy Lou for the whole thing. However, her father, Lou Lou Who, the Whoville postmaster, finally stands up to him, and reminds everyone that they still have Christmas spirit, and that the principal meaning of Christmas is to spend it with family and friends. The people agree and begin to sing. Hoping that the change of mood would inspire the Grinch, Cindy Lou goes to Mount Crumpit to find him. The Grinch intends to push the stolen gifts off the top of the mountain. However, he hears the joyful singing of the Whos. Infuriated over the failure of his plan, the Grinch has an epiphany about what Christmas is really about: not material gifts, but spending time with loved ones, an insight that profoundly inspires him, and causes his heart to grow to three times its original size. When the sleigh full of stolen gifts begins to go over the edge of the cliff, the Grinch desperately tries to save them to no avail. However, when he realizes that Cindy Lou has come to wish him a merry Christmas and is in danger of falling off the cliff with the sleigh, the Grinch finds enough strength to lift the sleigh, the gifts, and Cindy Lou to safety. The Grinch returns to Whoville with Max, Cindy, and the gifts. He confesses to the burglary, tearfully apologizes for his actions towards the Whos, and surrenders himself to the police as they arrive, but the Whos reconcile with him, much to May Who's dismay. Martha turns down May Who's proposal and decides that she would rather stay with the Grinch instead. The redeemed Grinch starts a new life with the Whos, commemorating the Christmas feast with them in his cave.
The film began with a prologue as the narrator explains to the viewers about how the Dragon Balls, seven orange balls with different number of red stars on each one, were forged and scattered throughout the Earth. It is said that when all seven are gathered together, the Eternal Dragon named Shenron; custodian of the Dragon Balls, will rise from his fiery lair and grant whoever summoned him any one wish. Afterwards, the Dragon Balls will again scatter all over the world while Shenron returns to his lair until another "brave or foolish soul" will find and reunite these magical balls. In the present, the soldiers of King Gurumes are destroying the homes and lands of farmers within his kingdom to look for "Blood Rubies". His two main enforcers are Pasta and Bongo, whom he has also tasked with finding the Dragon Balls. Since finding the Blood Rubies, King Gurumes has fallen under a curse that makes his hunger insatiable. He hopes to wish the curse away with the Dragon Balls. A little girl named Pansy, after her father gets a brutal beaten by Bongo in defending her, decides to go and find help. Goku, a young monkey-tailed boy with special strength, is living alone in the wildness of Mount Pazou. There, he was found and raised as a baby by his late Grandpa Gohan, who trained his adopted grandson in martial arts. At this time, he had a magical staff called the Power Pole which will grow its length on his command, and unknowingly owns a four-star Dragon Ball which was thought to have his grandfather's spirit inside. While Goku is catching a giant fish, a blue-haired teenage girl named Bulma is also searching for the Dragon Balls with the help of a device called a Dragon Radar. Before she can reach for the next ball after spotting the fighter jet of Pasta and Bongo heading the same direction toward its location, she runs into Goku. Thinking Bulma is a monster, Goku prepares to attack her to not let her steal his fish, but Bulma convinces him that she is a human. After learning that Bulma is a girl, Goku tells her that his grandpa gave him the Dragon Ball before he died. Pasta and Bongo arrive at Goku's home and steal his Dragon Ball, just before he and Bulma arrive only to find a gold coin which Pasta put on as payment. They flee in their fighter jet, and Bulma and Goku give chase in Bulma's jet. The duo is easily gaining the upper hand, but they are shot down by Pasta. As they both fell, Goku saves Bulma by sending her to a nearby cliff with his Power Pole while he plunges into the river. Later that night, Goku and Bulma are looking for food in the forest when they find Pansy being accosted by a large monster named Oolong, who has the ability to shape-shift into any other forms. Oolong flees when Goku proves his strength by destroying a large tree, but he chases the shape-shifter and, knocking him down with his Power Pole, finds out that his true form is that of a pig. While snapping at the curious Goku, Oolong freaks out when he realizes they have landed in the territory of Yamcha the Desert Bandit. Then suddenly, Yamcha and his sidekick Puar, Oolong's former classmate from the shape-shifting school where he was expelled for stealing the teacher's panties, attacks the duo. Goku battles Yamcha through weapon fighting which later moves onto their special movies such as Yamcha's Wolf Fang Fist and Goku's Rock-Scissors-Paper, but their duel is cut short when Bulma arrives. Yamcha has a paralyzing fear of beautiful women upon seeing Bulma and, chipping off his tooth after crashing down from the cliff where he and Goku are standing on to fight, he and Puar retreat. In Oolong's campout, Pansy tells Bulma and the others about her peoples plight and how she must find the great Master Roshi the Turtle Hermit. But little do the group know is that Yamcha and Puar have returned, overhearing everything about the Dragon Balls. The next day, Yamcha and Puar prepares for their trip to Master Roshi's island in order to get rid of Goku and his friends while going after the Dragon Balls for themselves. As part of their scheme, Yamcha vows that he will wish away his shyness around girls so he could either get married or have a few dates, despite Puar's protest over the unnecessary need of all the treasures to rule the world. Back at his palace, King Gurumes now possesses five of the Dragon Balls and ensures that the last two will go next. The team arrives on Master Roshis island, but Yamcha has arrived first and tricked Roshi into thinking Goku is there to steal his shell. To find out whos telling the truth, Roshi summons the Flying Nimbus Cloud, a magic cloud which only an honest person can ride. Afte Roshi's failed attempt as a demonstration, Goku successfully rides it and clears his name; Yamcha flees again, vowing that he will be back. Master Roshi also says he will give Bulma his Dragon Ball, but only if she shows him her boobs. In order to avoid Roshi, Bulma uses Oolong to transform into her in order to trick the Turtle Hermit, and it works. But Pasta and Bongo arrive in a submarine and attack the island. One of Bulma's two Dragon Balls is stolen, and Roshis house is destroyed. Angered by the destruction of his house, Roshi powers up to the max and uses the Kamehameha to destroy the submarine, while Pasta and Bongo flee in an escape jet. Pansy asks Roshi to help her defeat King Gurumes, but he declines, saying that he is an old man, and assures Pansy that Goku and Bulma will be all the help she needs. That night at King Gurumes' palace, Pasta states her report about the arrival of the final Dragon Ball, much to her master's delight. The next day, the team journey to King Gurumes' palace and are immediately attacked by the kings air force. Bulma, Oolong and Pansy are shot down while Goku has an aerial duel with Bongo, in which the monkey-tailed fighter destroys Bongo's hovercraft. Yamcha and Puar also arrive and infiltrate the palace, where they meet up with the group. Yamcha is attacked by Pasta, but is unable to fight back because of his phobia of beautiful women, so they flee with Pasta in hot pursuit. Goku defeats Bongo by knocking him through a wall with his Power Pole, and they all end up in King Gurumes' throne room. Fueled by both his own curse and hunger, King Gurumes transforms into a large, purple monster before the very eyes of the group, and after crushing Bonga flat, he attacks Goku to get the last Dragon Ball. Goku tries the Kamehameha in which he already learned from Master Roshi, despite the need to wait fifty years to learn, but it fails to destroy him. Bulma realizes the other six Dragon Balls are inside Gurumes' stomach, so she throws her Dragon Ball into his mouth. Shenron the Eternal Dragon erupts from King Gurumes' mouth and offers to grant one wish. Pansy wishes for her land to be peaceful and beautiful again. Shenron then removes all the Blood Rubies and makes the land fertile again. After granting the wish, the dragon vanishes and the Dragon Balls are scattered across the Earth again. King Gurumes' curse is lifted, as he is reduced to a small, bald man, Yamcha and Bulma decide to date much to Puar's joy and Oolong's annoyance of happy endings, and Goku, after returning the gold coin to Pasta, heads off to Master Roshi's island to train with the Turtle Hermit. After the film's credits, the land is shown to be fertile and beautiful again, as above the picture is the Japanese word for "The End."
Another retelling of the Dragon Ball story. This time, young Goku and young Krillin are training with Master Roshi for a World Martial Arts Tournament to be held in the country of Mifan. The Emperor of Mifan, Chiaotzu, is trying to find his lost "Ran Ran." "Minister" Master Shen has Emperor Pilaf work on a Dragon Radar, takes it from him, and is using it to locate the Dragon Balls. Shen and his brother, Mercenary Tao claim that they'll use the wish from Shenron to locate Ran Ran, but are actually planning, with Tien's help, to kill Chiaotzu and take over the country. General Blue announces that Ran Ran is being held in Shen's room, and is killed by Tao for it. Bora and Upa have located the final Dragon Ball and they take it to Mifan to use it to demand that Mifan's soldiers be forced to leave the land near Korin Tower. Bora is tricked into entering the Tournament, and is then killed by Tao. Bulma, Oolong, Launch and Pu-erh are looking for the other six Dragon Balls, so Bulma can wish for a boyfriend. However, when the Dragon Balls are located, they are accidentally dropped to the bottom of the moat surrounding Chiaotzu castle. Tien realizes that he likes Chiaotzu too much, and doesn't kill his friend; instead, he blows away Shen. Then he gives Chiaotzu back Ran Ran telling him he had hidden her because of Shen and Taopaipai. The story of Blue and Goku entering Penguin village is included, but this time it is Tao and Goku that meet Arale and Goku kills Tao with Arale's help. Goku throws the final ball into the moat, and asks Shenron to resurrect Bora.
Long ago, in an age where darkness still roams the Earth, a mysterious castle stands among the "five mountains" that are called the 'Devil's Hand' . There, according to the legend, the beautiful "Sleeping Princess" is lying within the confines of the castle walls guarded by the blackest and most sinister master of the underworld. Years later, twelve-year-old Goku arrives at Kame House to seek training with Master Roshi, and to learn more martial arts skills. He finds Roshi watching the exercise program featuring the girls and gets his attention. But while discussing their training plans over lunch, Goku and Roshi noticed a little monk approaching the island on a rowboat. After jumping off his boat and landing on Roshi's island, the monk identify himself as Krillin and also beg Roshi to train him. When Roshi refused, Krillin succeeded to make him change his mind by giving him porno magazines as a bribe. Krillin also meets Goku, who couldn't tell the difference of how men shaved their heads and made themselves balded. After telling the boys the origin of the Sleeping Princess who is apparently held captive in the Devil's Hand by an evil count named Lucifer, Roshi sends them on a quest far to the west to retrieve her with one rule: whoever brings back the Sleeping Princess will become Master Roshi's student. Meanwhile, a mean blonde-haired girl named Launch also discovered the information of the Sleeping Princess and planned to take her. The boys continued on their way to the Devil's Hand as Krillin uses all the standard tricks to prevent Goku from catching up, but he outsmarts them without giving up. A little later, Bulma, Oolong, Yamcha, and Puar  who are on summer vacation  also meet Roshi and ask where Goku is. Roshi says that he and Krillin have gone far to the Devil's Hand, so the gang fly in Bulma's Capsule jet to the castle. At sunset, Goku and Krillin finally approached the Devil's Hand itself and went inside. Unknown to the boys, Launch also entered, willing to steal the Sleeping Princess away for herself. When the gang near the castle as night falls in, the jet is attacked by ogres, causing it to crash down, and Bulma is taken to the Devil's Hand. After waking up in a bedroom, Bulma meets Lucifer himself and his butler Igor who seemingly treat her as a guest and show her to the ogre convention of the Sleeping Princess. Lucifer then revealed his true dark nature to Bulma and have her tied to a chair she sat on with vines, intending Igor to drain her of her blood through a giant syringe in order to awake the Sleeping Princess. Hearing Bulma's screams for help, Yamcha, Oolong and Puar went to the Sleeping Princess' convention, and wait for their opportunity to rescue their friend. Goku and Krillin ran into and fight the ogres and monsters, including a giant devil called Ghastel who is then eaten by a swamp monster while attacking them, until they drop in straight onto the bedchamber of the Sleeping Princess which they only find as a giant jewel, disrupting the convention. Then Launch arrives on her motorcycle, takes the Sleeping Princess and drives away. As Goku and Krillin chase Launch without noticing Bulma and the others, Oolong's shape-shifting wears out after five minutes, making Puar change back to herself after she sees in shock that Oolong is back to his normal self. Their disguise ruined, Yamcha, Oolong and Puar are then captured. As Launch blast her way through the ogres by firing her machine gun at them, her hair tickles her nose and she sneezes. Changed into a nice blue-haired version of herself, Launch fell off her motorcycle and landed on the ground, confused of what she is doing. Goku recovered the Sleeping Princess, but Lucifer appeared with the ogres, holding Krillin. After being given a warning which would lead to Krillin's death as a consequence, Goku forcibly returns the Sleeping Princess to Lucifer and demands his friend's release. But instead, Goku gets a beating from the ogres after a pink little devil paralyzed him by biting his tail, the source of his weakness, much to Krillin's despair over him. Later, Lucifer uses the light of the full moon to power up the Sleeping Princess, successfully awakening her. Outside the Devil's Hand, the gang including a battered and bruised Goku is encased in a giant wall of rock. But Goku looked at the moon and transformed into a Great Ape, smashing the wall and releasing the gang. The rampaging Goku then chases the gang, picking up Launch and attempting to devour her. Yamcha and Krillin grabbed hold of Goku's tail, weakening the Great Ape and allowing Puar to shape-shift into a pair of scissors and cut it off. Goku returns to his normal self, but he didn't remember anything of what he had done in his monstrous form. He also panics when he finds his tail gone, but quickly forgets about it. Back inside the castle, Lucifer inserted the Sleeping Princess in a laser cannon and prepared it to destroy the rising sun despite Bulma's pleas. Suddenly, Goku, Krillin and Yamcha came to the rescue. While the boys fight Lucifer, Yamcha kills Igor and frees Bulma. Just as Lucifer activates the laser cannon, Goku uses the Kamehameha wave to damage it, causing the castle to collapse in the process. While the gang made a run for it, the falling cannon kills Lucifer by blasting him, the Sleeping Princess disappeared and the Devil's Hand is half-destroyed. After the sun is up with no harm, the gang is saved and Krillin acts contrite, although he doesn't actually apologize to Goku for his behavior. The gang then posed for peace as the unseen camera photographed them and the Devil's Hand. The two boys return to Kame House with Launch, and Roshi is very pleased. Thinking the boys have passed the test on Launch as if she were a Sleeping Princess, he takes them both on as students while he brought Launch with him to his house. At one moment, Goku and Krillin were happy with their time for training, but it then began wrong when Launch changes into her bad self with a sneeze and drives Roshi out of his house. She fires at Roshi, Goku, Krillin and Turtle until a passing fly makes her sneeze again, turning her back to her good self. Launch apologized for her actions as the surprised group then walked back from her a little bit.
While looking at the Dragon Radar, Oolong notices that all of the Dragon Balls are starting to be gathered together. He and Gohan, who were also searching for the Dragon Balls, head out to investigate and end up at the Tsurumai-Tsuburi Mountains eternal wall of ice, where coincidentally, Piccolo is also training. Dr. Kochin summons Shenron and wishes for Dr. Wheelos lab to be released from the ice. The ice begins to break away and a building emerges. Gohan and Oolong look on in disbelief, when they are suddenly attacked by Dr. Kochins Biomen. Piccolo shows up to save Gohan, but is overcome by three mysterious fighters, while Gohan and Oolong escape. Dr. Kochin and his Biomen soon appear at Kame House, and request that Master Roshi come with them. He refuses and easily defeats the Biomen, but Dr. Kochin kidnaps Bulma to force Master Roshi to go back with him to the lab. There, Master Roshi is forced to fight three bio-warriors, but it soon becomes apparent hes no match. Bulma discovers that Dr. Wheelos goal is to obtain the body of the strongest man so he can be revived. Bulma informs them that Son Goku is now the strongest man in the world. Oolong informs Goku of the situation, and he heads out to find Bulma and Master Roshi. He arrives at Dr. Wheelos lab and is greeted by Misokattsun, Kishime, and Ebifurya, Dr. Kochins three bio-warriors. Goku defeats Misokattsun by bursting through him with the Kai-Ken, but is then sealed up in ice by Ebifurya. Gohan and Krillin arrive to back him up, but are at their wits end against Kishime. Using the Kai-Ken, Goku breaks free from ice and defeats the two remaining bio-warriors. Goku confronts Dr. Wheelo, demanding he give Bulma back, but Dr. Wheelo just wants Gokus body. Piccolo, who has been brainwashed by Dr. Wheelo, appears and a battle between the two rivals commences. Gohan tries to stop Piccolo, but he simply swats Gohan away. Being unable to stop them from fighting, Gohans anger explodes, shattering Dr. Wheelo brainwashing device on Piccolo. Dr. Wheelo is stunned by Gohans power and decides he must fight Goku himself. He begins to break his robot body free from the wall, subsequently knocking Dr. Kochin down an energy shaft, killing him. Everyone watches on in horror, including Krillin, who has freed Bulma. The true battle begins, and Dr. Wheelo seems to have the upper hand. Even the three-person Kamehameha of Goku, Master Roshi, and Krillin has no effect on him. Soon, Goku and Piccolo are the only ones left able to fight. Goku resorts to using a Kai-Ken powered Kamehameha, which merely knocks Dr. Wheelo into space. Goku begins to form a Spirit Bomb, but Dr. Wheelo interrupts him before he can throw it by shooting ki blasts at him. The others fly up to distract him so Goku can successfully throw the Spirit Bomb. Goku lets it fly and its a direct hit. Dr. Wheelos brain is destroyed and peace once again returns to Earth.
The world has become a vast arrangement of floating islands of varying sizes and shapes. This dizzy universe is populated with rogues, peasants, and petty lords. Their main concerns are for survival, for this world has become plagued with hungry creatures, who are wreaking havoc, known as dragons. Lian-Chu and Gwizdo are two dragon hunters, but they are a long way from being among the best. Lian Chu is a hulking brute with the heart of gold, and Gwizdo has a talent for scams. Their private dream is to own a farm where they can relax and raise sheep. A few floating islands away, there is a fortress owned by Lord Arnold. The lord has a problem. He has been living in fear of the return of World Eater, a monstrous dragon that rises every twenty years to spread terror and destruction. Nobody has been able to conquer him. And nobody has ever returned alive or sane enough to tell the tale. Lord Arnold's niece Zoe has decided to take matters into her own hands, and she finds Lian-Chu and Gwizdo to help her. She is convinced that they are the heroes of her dreams, and she goes with them to the end of the earth for a fantastic and dangerous adventure.
Set in the country of South Africa, the story begins with a cheetah cub being orphaned after his mother was killed by lions. The cub is found on the side of the road by a young boy named Xan and his father Peter. Initially reluctant to take in a wild animal, Peter agrees to let Xan take care of the cub. They name him Duma, the Swahili name for cheetah. Over the years, Duma becomes a part of the family, being closely raised by Xan. As he nears adulthood, Peter and Xan decide to teach Duma how to run by having him chase alongside Peters motorcycle, which can barely keep up with him. But with Duma almost fully grown, to Xans dismay, his father tells him that it is time to take his friend to his real home before he grows too old to survive in his native habitat. His father says to Xan, Duma has to live the life he was born toor hell never be fully alive. Xan reluctantly agrees, but their plans must be put on hold when his father suddenly falls ill and dies and Xan and his mother must move to Johannesburg. Duma comes with them, which wreaks havoc on their life in the city. Xans aunt is terrified of Duma, who likes to sneak up and surprise her, and when Duma escapes and pays a disastrous visit to Xans school, the two of them must flee the city to keep Duma from being put into captivity. Not knowing where to go, Xan gets an ideahell carry out the plan his dad had outlined, taking Duma home in the neighbouring country of Botswana, over the scorching Makgadikgadi Salt Pans, through the Okavango Delta and into the Erongo Mountains. Xan begins to drive to his destination in his fathers old motorcycle, with Duma in the sidecar. After running out of fuel and water in the grasslands, they find some shade underneath a crashed airplane. There, they are confronted by Ripkuna, a mysterious drifter on a journey of his own. While Xan isnt at all that sure he can trust Rip, he agrees to go with him. Xan manages to turn the immobile motorcycle into a desert sailboat out of a parachute from the plane wreck, and Xan, Rip and Duma are on their way again, until they encounter the untraversable scrub brush of the Kalahari Desert and must abandon the motorcycle. While trying to find shelter, Rip is trapped in an abandoned diamond mine by a cave in, and Xan decides to leave him, as he suspects that he has been leading him to town instead of the jungle to sell Duma and collect a reward for finding him. However, when Duma is caught in a trap and Xan is knocked unconscious by a boar, Rip rescues both of them, having escaped the mine through a ventilation shaft. Soon, they reach the Okavango Delta, where Xan is attacked by the deadly wildlife and the churning rapids of the Thamalakane River, but its too late for him to turn back now. Xan, Rip and Duma press through the Okavango, and finally the Erongo Mountains, on the border of Botswana and Namibia are in sight. However, once they get there, Xan is suddenly set upon by a swarm of tsetse flies. To protect him from their lethal bite, Rip huddles over Xan and is bitten by hundreds of flies. He soon develops sleeping sickness, and Xan takes him to a nearby village where he can be cared for. Later that night, outside the village, Duma is out on his own and starts calling out into the mountains. Duma finds another cheetah calling to him, and they bond rather quickly. It is never explained whether this is another male cheetah, or is in fact one of Duma's siblings. Xan hears this activity, and realizes that this is where he and Duma must part. Xan says goodbye to Duma, and Duma comes to Xan and says a final goodbye, and goes back to play with his new friend. Then Xan goes back to the village to Rip. Before the credits, it shows Xan being reunited with his mother and the film ends.
An asteroid collides with the prehistoric Earth, causing the extinction of the planets dinosaurs, but sparing a tribe of cavemen living in a valley. Finding a roughly spherical chunk of the asteroid that is too hot to touch, the cavemen begin to kick it around and invent the game of football. Many years later during the Stone Age, a young caveman named Dug lives in the valley with his chief Bobnar, and many other cavemen such as Asbo,, Gravelle, Treebor, Magma, Barry, Grubup, Thongo and Eemak. One day, Dug suggests to Bobnar that they should try hunting woolly mammoths instead of rabbits, but he brushes him off. A Bronze Age army of War Elephants led by Lord Nooth drives the tribe out of the valley and into the surrounding volcanic badlands, proclaiming that the Stone Age has ended. Dug tries to attack the army, but falls into a cart and is unknowingly taken to Nooths city. While trying to evade the guards and escape, he is mistaken for a football player and led onto the pitch before a full stadium crowd. He challenges Nooths elite local team to a match with the valley at stake and promises that the tribe will work in Nooths mines forever if they lose. Nooth dismisses the proposal at first, but changes his mind once he realises that he can profit off the match. Dug discovers that although his ancestors invented football, the other members of his tribe are too dim to understand it. After their only ball is destroyed, Dug and his pet boar Hognob sneak into the city to steal more but are found by a local resident of Bronze city named Goona. Resentful over the teams exclusion of women, she helps them steal some balls and agrees to coach the cavemen. Goona points out that the players on Nooths team are talented but too egotistical to work together effectively. The cavemen improve in skill and teamwork under her coaching. Nooth receives a Message Bird from Queen Oofeefa, warning him to not underestimate Dug's team. To demoralise Dug, Nooth has him brought to the mines and shows him cave paintings made by his tribes ancestors, who proved so inept at football that they never won a match and eventually gave up the sport. On the day of the match, with Oofeefa in attendance, Dug announces his forfeiture as part of a deal to spare the rest of the tribe and agrees to take their place in the mines. However, his reinvigorated teammates persuade him to break the deal and play the match. They are down 31 at half-time, but rally in the second half to tie the score. Nooth incapacitates the referee and takes his place, making biased calls in favour of the local team that leads to Bobnar being knocked out. Hognob takes his place and blocks a penalty kick, and Dug scores to win the match for the cavemen, 43. The cavemen win their valley back with the respect of Oofeefa, the local team, and the crowd. Nooth tries to escape and steal the crowd's admission money, but Goona stops him with help from a giant duck; Nooth is arrested for his crimes and everyone gets their money back. Goona and Nooth's elite local team joins Dugs tribe for a hunt, but they are chased away by a rabbit pretending to be a woolly mammoth.
17 year old Mary Katherine, or M.K., moves in with her eccentric scientist father Professor Bomba, who has been searching for tiny humanoid soldiers called Leafmen. They protect the forest that Bomba lives near from wicked creatures called Boggans and their malevolent leader Mandrake. An independent young soldier named Nod decides to quit, much to the ire of the no-nonsense Leafmen leader Ronin. The queen of the forest, Queen Tara, must choose an heir to her throne and goes out to a field of leaf pods, guarded by a laid-back slug named Mub and a wannabe Leafman snail named Grub. Immediately after she chooses a pod, the Boggans attack. Tara flees the area with the pod, and though her bodyguards do their best to protect her, they are soon overwhelmed by the sheer number of Boggans. Eventually, Ronin arrives for her and the pair fly off on his hummingbird mount. They are then attacked by Mandrake and his son Dagda. Dagda is killed by Ronin, but the former shoots Tara beforehand. Meanwhile, M.K. decides to leave after having an argument with Bomba about his research. Before she can leave, Bomba's dog Ozzy runs into the woods. While looking for Ozzy, M.K. sees Tara falling. Dying, Tara gives her the pod and uses her magic to shrink her. She tells M.K. to take the pod to a Glowworm named Nim Galuu before she dies, and M.K. joins Ronin and the Leafmen, along with Mub and Grub. Ronin discovers that Nod has entered a race against other creatures and bugs on birds. Nod goes back on a deal with a tough toad named Bufo to throw the race. Before Bufo and his two henchmen can feed Nod to a snake, Ronin intervenes and orders them to leave. A reluctant Nod joins him, M.K., Mub, and Grub after hearing about Queen Tara's death, which Bufo overhears. Ronin, Nod, M.K., Mub, and Grub eventually track Nim Galuu down. He then leads them down to the scroll library, where M.K. discovers Tara's brief message before shrinking her, and a message that will get her back to normal size. When Ronin leaves, Nod takes M.K. on a deer ride and they begin to fall in love. Meanwhile, Mandrake has had the Boggans bring Bufo to him, finding out the location of the pod. Mandrake goes to Nim Galuu's place to steal the pod, which, if it blooms in darkness, will help Mandrake destroy the forest. He takes the pod and kidnaps Mub and Grub. Ronin scolds Nod for not being there to protect the pod. To get into Boggan territory undiscovered, M.K., Nod, and Ronin set out to Bomba's house to get some disguises, where M.K. learns that the Leafmen have deliberately been leading Bomba off their trail. Bomba sees that he has visitors and captures M.K., fainting when he sees her. M.K. marks the location of Moonhaven on a map Bomba has made of the forest before rejoining Nod and Ronin. When they reach the Boggan land Ronin distracts the Boggans while M.K. and Nod rescue Mub, Grub, and the pod. Mandrake discovers them and orders the Boggans to stop them. M.K., Nod, Mub, and Grub escape alive, but Ronin sacrifices himself to ensure their escape. Before the full moon can sprout the pod at Moonhaven, Mandrake's bats block the light, causing the pod to begin sprouting in darkness. The Leafmen set out to fight the Boggans; M.K. tries to get help from her father by visiting his various cameras he had set in the forest. However, upon regaining consciousness, Bomba believes that he didn't really see M.K. and that he has been insane all these years, and shuts down all his cameras. He changes his mind when he sees the red push-pin that M.K. had put on his map. Bomba is overjoyed to see that he has been right and he follows M.K. to Moonhaven. M.K. uses Bomba's iPod to make bat sounds, luring Mandrake's bats away. Meanwhile, Mub and Nim Galuu try to stop Mandrake from reaching the pod, but are unsuccessful. Just then, Ronin appears, bearing scars and bruises from the Boggans. Mandrake manages to outdo him, but is defended by Nod, who finally realizes the importance of teamwork. Before Mandrake can obtain his victory, the pod blooms in moonlight, defeating the Boggans, and sealing Mandrake into the burl of a nearby tree. The chosen heir is the flower child who helped save Tara earlier in the film. Grub becomes a Leafman, Nod and Ronin reconcile, and Nod and M.K. kiss before M.K. is returned to her original size. After reuniting with Bomba and becoming his assistant, the human family still keeps regular contact with their small friends as they continue the research of their world.
Arya, elf princess of Ellesmra, flees with a strange stone, pursued by Durza, a dark sorcerer under king Galbatorix. When Durza corners Arya, she uses magic to send the stone away. Eragon, a farm boy living in the country of Alagasia with his uncle, is hunting for food when he comes across the stone. Hoping to trade it for food, Eragon brings the stone home, and finds a blue dragon hatching from it. As he touches the dragon, a magical mark is burned into his palm. A few people are shown reacting to this incident, including Arya, an old man named Brom, and Galbatorix himself. Eragon shelters and feeds the dragon, which learns to fly and magically grows to full size. She calls herself Saphira. When they are out, Durza's monstrous minions, the Ra'zac, arrive at the village to look for the dragon, killing Eragon's uncle in the process. Blaming Saphira for his uncle's death, Eragon sends her away. Brom shows up, warns Eragon of Saphira's importance, and urges him to call her back. The three then leave town. Brom leads the group to the Varden, rebel freedom fighters opposing Galbatorix. On the way, Brom fills Eragon in on the knowledge of dragon riders, Galbatorix, Durza and the Ra'zac. He also trains Eragon sword-fighting. In a small village, they meet where a fortune-teller named Angela, who tells Eragon of a woman awaiting his help, and of his dangerous path ahead. When Brom and Eragon are attacked by Galbatorix's servants, the Urgals, Eragon attempts to mimic Brom and wipes out the whole group with a magic attack, then falls unconscious from the strain. Brom teaches Eragon to control his magic and bond his powers with Saphira. Durza sets a trap for Eragon, using Arya as bait. Hearing her telepathic calls, Eragon finds her, but is ambushed by Durza. Eragon is outmatched, and Brom arrives to help him, getting mortally wounded in the process. Eragon shoots an arrow into Durza's head, causing him to disappear. The trio escapes, and Brom dies of his wounds while flying on Saphira. Eragon confronts a hooded figure that has been following them. He reveals himself to be Murtagh and guides them to the Varden. Soon after, Durza and his men surround the rebel camp. Eragon, Saphira, Arya, and the Varden prepare for battle. Arya, Murtagh and the Varden fight Galbatorix's forces as Eragon and Saphira duel in the skies with Durza who rides his own beast. Eragon and Saphira kill Durza, but Saphira is heavily injured. Eragon uses magic to heal her and once again passes out from the strain. The following morning, Eragon awakes with Murtagh at his side and finds Saphira fully healed. They catch up with Arya, who is on her way to Ellesmra to lead the elves in the coming war. She calls Eragon "Shadeslayer" and they part ways. Meanwhile, in his castle, a furious Galbatorix slashes at his hanging map of Alagaesia, revealing his immense pitch black dragon, Shruikan.
Scorch Supernova is a heroic alien on a mission to rescue captured babies from the Gnarlachs. He rescues them just in time before the Gnarlachs wake up. Scorch returns to Planet Baab where he is known as a famous hero and works at BASA with his older brother Gary. Gary's son Kip is a big fan of his uncle Scorch. Soon, Gary receives a message from Lena Thackleman, the head of BASA, that Scorch will be sent to the "Dark Planet" due to a SOS call. Scorch decides to go to the Dark Planet, as he already made a press conference and contacted his sponsors. However, Gary opposes as Scorch is not serious and no alien has ever returned from the Dark Planet. After further arguing, Gary finally says that he won't be helping Scorch and quits BASA before Scorch himself fires him. Gary then goes home to his wife Kira and Kip only to find out that Scorch has already gone to the Dark Planet, while Kip is watching it on live TV in excitement. Scorch arrives on Earth and lands in the desert and finds a 7-Eleven convenience store but mistakes an airdancer for a dying being. Scorch is then tranquilized and captured by General Shanker Saunderson, the malevolent general of the US Army, and is taken to "Area 51" where aliens from other planets are held. Knowing that this has happened, Kip wants to go rescue Scorch but Gary discourages him. Kip is angry and goes to his room. Gary goes to Kip's room to apologize only to find him going to try and save Scorch. He rushes to BASA with Kira wearing his rocket boots. They arrive to find Kip is about to take off in a ship. Gary manages to cancel the launch sequence at the last minute, but re-activates the sequence so he himself can rescue Scorch. As soon as he arrives, his ship immediately activates a self-destruct sequence, but Gary manages to escape. He arrives at the same store that Scorch arrived at earlier. Gary enters the store, but is spotted by its two owners Hawk and Hammer. Although both feared Gary, the two men realize that Gary isn't hostile and offer him a Slurpee giving Gary a brain freeze. Afterwards, Shanker's men break into the store, tranquilzes Hawk and Hammer, and capture Gary, taking him to Area 51. Gary is taken to Shanker's office where he is quickly removed after Shanker receives an incoming call from Lena who's revealed to be an ally of Shanker's as she has sent him a powerful source known as "blubonium". Gary is placed in a cell hall with other alien geniuses including Doc, Io, and Thurman who tell Gary that various human technology has been invented by them for Shanker to rip off and sell to all of Earth so he will release them from Area 51. With these technologies, Shanker had made deals with companies like Apple Inc., Facebook, Google, and Pixar. Gary reunites with Scorch, but is again annoyed by his conceited behavior. After a food fight in the cafeteria, the aliens make their way to "the peace shield." Meanwhile, Lena captures Kira, who stayed at BASA and tried contacting Gary on his rescue mission. Lena then reveals her plan to give a lifetime supply of blubonium to Shanker. After Shanker reveals the blubonium, Gary unintentionally provokes Scorch into stealing it after stating its dangerous power. While being chased, Scorch destroys the blubonium, causing Shanker to freeze him and orders Gary to fix the blubonium and reveals that he's going to destroy all alien planets in the universe with a laser ray using the blubonium. Shanker thinks that all aliens are hostile just because a trio of grey aliens' spaceship killed his father in 1947. Gary fixes the ray with help from his new friends, but Shanker goes back on his promise and freezes him instead. The other aliens discover Shanker's true intentions when he tries to destroy Baab with the laser ray and mutiny, knocking out Shanker's henchmen. It is revealed that Gary did not put the machine together completely and it malfunctions, destroying itself before it can destroy Baab. With Gary and Scorch released from their icy prisons by the machine alongside the other frozen aliens, the brothers, Doc, Thurman, and Io escape Area 51. With help from Hawk and Hammer, Gary and company locate Scorch's spaceship in a trailer park. Meanwhile, back on Baab, Kip frees his mother Kira, who stops and subdues Lena after the latter took off with the blubonium shipment. US Air Force jets chase Gary's saucer, but Kip guides him through and manages to evade and destroy the jets. However, Shanker, wearing Scorch's robotic suit, uses a tractor beam to stop the ship in midair. Gary and Scorch jump out and manage to get the suit off Shanker which causes them all to fall to their doom. While freefalling, Scorch and Gary reconcile before they and an unconscious Shanker are rescued by the grey aliens. After Gary knocks out Shanker, the grey aliens take the latter away to deal with him. Scorch, Gary, Doc, Thurman and Io return to Planet Baab where Gary is reunited with his family. Scorch is greeted as a hero, but gives the credit to his brother which the citizens of Baab celebrate. Scorch then embarks on his toughest mission yet: marrying his girlfriend, Gabby Babblebrook. Hawk, Hammer, and the grey aliens are also present at the wedding.
Set in 1909, a coal mine in Yorkshire, England has used pit ponies to haul coal for many years. When they are to be replaced by machinery that will speed up production and increase profits, three children  Dave, Tommy and Alice  learn the ponies are to be slaughtered so they team up in a scheme to steal the horses and give them their freedom.
Mary is a 16-year-old girl who is 8 months pregnant. She had all the trappings of an upscale life, but ran away from her mother Meg and stepfather Phil Cuthbart who wanted her to get an abortion. It's only when she finds herself in a small New Mexico town in a downtrodden trailer park where she learns the real meaning of love, sacrifice, and family.
Doris Robertson, a depressed teenager, is grieving the death of her grandfather and resisting her foster sister Lauri's efforts to engage socially. Upon learning that her parents will be away for a two-day business trip to the Poconos, Doris' tear hits her TV remote, as Fat Albert and the Cosby Kids is on. The tear opens up a portal to the cartoon world, Fat Albert jumps out of the TV, knowing she has a problem. Rudy, Dumb Donald, Mushmouth, Bucky, and Old Weird Harold jump out, too; Bill tells Russell to stay put and cover for them. Doris insists she is fine, but the gang knows otherwise. When the show ends, they have to wait until tomorrow's show to come back. They follow Doris to school and are amazed by the new technology. Albert becomes infatuated with Lauri. Reggie, an annoying schoolmate with an obsessive crush on Lauri, challenges Albert to a track race that Albert wins. In another attempt to help Doris, the gang persuades cheerleaders to invite them all to an outdoor party. With some reluctance, Doris agrees to attend. While at the party, Lauri dances with Albert. Reggie desperately attempts to make her jealous by dancing with Doris. When Lauri does not notice him, he tries to kiss Doris. Doris is offended and causes a scene. Albert warns the boy to stay away from Doris. The next day, Doris goes to school but asks the gang to go to the park instead of following her. Harold, normally clumsy, joins in a basketball game and is able to play perfectly. Mushmouth, who cannot talk normally, is taught how to speak by a little girl. Donald goes to the library, where he can read and remove his pink face-covering hat. When Doris takes them home, three of the gang members  Bucky, Harold and Donald  jump into the TV. Breaking News interrupts the show before the other four can enter. Albert and Bill have an argument in private about going back. The gang takes Doris and Lauri to a fair on a junk-made car. Doris says she would date Rudy if he were a real person when he asks. Searching for guidance, Fat Albert meets his creator, Bill Cosby, and tells him of the dilemma. Cosby tells him that his character is based on Doris' grandfather, Albert Robertson, which explains Doris' confusion over why Fat Albert seems so familiar. Mr. Cosby warns Fat Albert he has to return to the cartoon world, or he will turn into celluloid dust. Devastated, Albert tells Lauri he must leave, but she thinks he is being insensitive. The next day, Mushmouth, Rudy and Bill jump back into the TV. Albert goes to a track meet where Doris and Lauri are competing and encourages Doris to a victory. Reggie, who witnessed that the gang is from the TV, attempts to threaten Albert, but he pushes him aside. Albert rushes to the girls' home on a borrowed skateboard. He says goodbye to Doris and Lauri and jumps back into the TV. Cosby and his friends, who helped inspire the cartoon characters from the show, stand in front of their old friend Albert Robertson's grave. As the camera pans on each of the men, images of their counterparts are seen. Doris watches them. The old men race away; they are still kids at heart, the same kids from the TV show that they helped Bill Cosby inspire. Before the ending credits start, Fat Albert encourages the audience to finish watching the credits and help each other.
Crysta is taking care of three baby animals and demonstrating greater control over nature. She and Pips begin a small contest over who can grow the more impressive plant, while Pips expresses a desire to see more of the outside world. Suddenly, Batty Koda arrives in a panic, warning that human poachers are right behind him. These poachers show up with their dogs and capture the three baby animals. The first rescue attempt while still in Ferngully fails, and results in a huge forest fire, destroying a huge part of the forest and scarring Mother Kangaroo. Pips and the Beetle Boys volunteer to follow the humans to town and rescue the babies, convincing the reluctant Batty to be their guide. They arrive at a town amusement park. They are so fascinated by the rides, they are reminded by Batty to resume their mission. All this time the fairies have been healing the rainforest and Crysta finds and helps one of the poachers' dogs abandoned and caught in a trap. She takes him on a journey to the town. Pips and the Beetle Boys meet a girl named Budgie who is hard at practicing for the clown act. Pips flies over to her and introduces himself and his friends. She gives them shelter in her trailer. Batty has located the poachers' place but the others ignore him too fascinated by modern human utilities. Bark and Batty go to make a rescue attempt, but Batty is caught. Budgie tells Pips that she has been working on her clown act for years, but she has never been all that good. Pips tells her that she is trying too hard, and she should just do it. Back at where the babies are, the animals are very scared and fear they will never get back home. Batty overcomes his terror of the situation and manages to reassure them. Then the poachers take all the cages and load them onto a big truck. At the fair, Budgie goes to a contest stand and wins a stuffed kangaroo, which reminds Pips of the babies he's supposed to be saving. He tells Budgie about them and she offers to help him out. They all reach the old warehouse. The poachers drive off, and Budgie jumps off a ledge and lands on the truck. They drive past Budgie's grandfather, and he sees that Budgie is hanging on the truck tarp, and he drives after them. Budgie manages to get inside the car and frees all the birds in the cages. The poachers see Budgie trying to get in the car and are enraged seeing all the birds flying away. One of them climbs out of the truck and tries to get Budgie off. She manages to get away from him, but he unlatches the car she's on and sends her rolling backwards on the road. She ends up with one side of the car dangling off a cliff. When she falls, Batty catches her and manages to lift her all by himself up to the top of the cliff allowing Budgie's grandfather to catch them in his net and bring them safely to solid ground. The group then head by clown car to the ship where the animals are being loaded. Pips undoes the conveyor catch so that the catches land in Budgie's grandfather's car. A struggle for the cages ensues between the poachers and Budgie. Boof and Crysta arrive to help. The other dog turns against his former master. The boat gets away and the fairies use their magic to stop it growing a gigantic tree. Nugget almost drowns as he escapes. Budgie and her grandfather adopt Slasher and Boof while all the animals and fairies return home.
Katherine "Katy" McLaughlin has dreams of running her father's Wyoming horse ranch, but her father, Rob, has other plans. He is grooming her older brother, Howard, to take over the ranch and sends Katy away to a private school where she feels like a misfit. Rob is having trouble understanding his daughter as she continually defies his authority to follow her own path. When she comes home for the summer, Katy is met with her father's disapproval because she did not finish a writing assignment at school, but is greeted by her mother, Nell, and Howard. Howard wants to attend college. While out riding, Katy finds a wild mustang, and feels a connection with the horse. She sets off to tame "Flicka", despite her father's protests. Flicka is captured during a roundup, and Rob asks Katy not to go near Flicka. Determined to prove she can run the ranch, Katy starts training Flicka at night. Flicka slowly warms to Katy and the two develop a close bond. Rob sells Flicka to the rodeo, leaving Katy devastated. Nell and Howard are furious at Rob about making the decision without including them. Howard stands up to his father and says that he does not want the ranch and Rob refuses to take Flicka back. Howard and Nell refuse to help Rob with the ranch, which he is now considering selling since Howard does not want it. Katy starts writing about Flicka to escape her pain. At the rodeo, Howard and Katy enter the competition that Flicka is being used in, hoping to get the horse back. Flicka runs from Katy until the girl calls her name. Rob tries to intervene and Katy freezes at the sight of him. Howard boosts his sister onto Flicka and the two escape. Katy becomes lost in the mountains, and allows Flicka to make her way towards the ranch. The family reconciles and searches for Katy as a fierce thunderstorm moves in. Katy and Flicka are attacked by a mountain lion. Flicka bolts, throwing Katy to the ground and the lion goes to attack her. Flicka protects Katy, but is badly wounded in the process. Katy binds Flicka's wounds and refuses to leave her in the storm, resulting in her developing a fever. Rob finds the two and brings a delirious Katy back to the house. As her fever spikes, Katy calls for Flicka as Nell tends to her. Rob thinks Flicka is mortally wounded and believes she should be put down. Overhearing the argument, a dazed Katy stumbles into the room and gives her father permission to "shoot us now." Rob goes outside and begins to cry as he finally understands his daughter's feelings and her pain. A gunshot is heard and Katy bursts into tears, thinking Flicka is dead. The next morning, Nell finds Rob walking back to the house, supporting the injured Flicka. She runs outside to help and finds out that the gunshot was him shooting at the mountain lion. Both are stunned that Flicka is alive and decide not to put her down. Katy's fever breaks and she begins to recover. As he watches over his daughter, Rob reads the story that Katy had been writing about Flicka, eventually typing the story and sending it to the school so that Katy can pass for the year. When Katy wakes from the fever, she and Rob reconcile and he takes her to see Flicka. Rob apologizes to Howard and gives his son his blessing and Howard prepares for college. As a family, they decide to not sell the ranch, making it both a working ranch and a refuge for wild mustangs.
In 1957, when second-graders Bryce Loski and Julianna "Juli" Baker first meet, Juli knows it's love, but Bryce isn't so sure and tries to avoid Juli. By the sixth grade, in 1961, Bryce tries to get rid of Juli by dating Sherry Stalls, whom Juli despises. However, Bryce's best friend, Garrett, takes an interest in Sherry and eventually tells her the truth about Bryce asking her out; she doesn't take it well. From Juli's perspective, Bryce returned her feelings, but was shy. After finding out Bryce and Sherry broke up, she thought she could have Bryce back. But then they reconsider their decisions as time goes on. In 1962, Bryce's grandfather Chet Duncan moves in with the family. Chet has different views about Juli. There's a large, old sycamore tree that Juli loves which no one else understands. One day, it's cut down by a group of landscapers so a house can be built there, despite Juli's opposition. She becomes very depressed afterwards, as the tree let her see the world in a more enlightened way. Her father gives her a painting of the tree. Chet gets to know Juli while helping her work on her lawn. Bryce begins to develop feelings for Juli, who begins to have mixed feelings about him. When Juli finds out that Bryce has been throwing away the eggs she offered his family right under her nose, out of fear of salmonella, she feels hurt and starts avoiding him. After visiting her disabled uncle Daniel, Juli overhears Bryce supporting Garrett's badmouthing of her, which truly causes her to stop having any interest in him. When the Bakers are invited to the Loskis' for dinner, Juli confronts Bryce about what he said. During dinner, they sit opposite each other; she doesn't talk to Bryce or make eye contact with him. After dinner, she apologizes for her behavior. Bryce is confused and sad that she apologizes, because it means he isn't forgiven and she doesn't care enough to hold a grudge. As the 1963 basket boy auction approaches, Juli hears that Sherry is planning to bid on Bryce against Melanie. Bryce thinks that Juli intends to bid on him because he hears that she has a wad of cash. Bryce worries about what will happen if she tries to bid on him, but she bids on Eddie Trulock out of sympathy as nobody was bidding for him. During the basket boy lunch, Bryce and Sherry sit at a table across from Juli and Eddie. He sees she's having a good time with her date and gets jealous. He grabs her and attempts to kiss her, publicly humiliating her. He chases after her she dodges his kiss. Juli gets on her bike and cycles home. Garrett yells at Bryce, and they end their friendship after an argument. Bryce tries to talk to Juli even though she wants to be left alone. Two days later, Bryce plants a sapling sycamore tree in Juli's front yard to show her how he feels. When Juli sees the sycamore, she goes out to help him. Upon seeing him do that, she realizes that they have never really talked after all these years. As they plant the tree, Bryce puts his hand on Juli's, and they share loving smiles.
Sandy Ricks is sent off for the summer to stay with his Uncle Porter in the seaside town of Coral Key. Initially, Sandy is unenthusiastic and disappointed that he isn't going to a Red Hot Chili Peppers concert. His mood remains unchanged even after meeting Kathy, a local shopkeeper with whom his uncle carries on a flirtatious relationship, and Kim, a girl his own age. While out on Porter's fishing trawler, they meet Porter's enemy, Dirk Moran. Nearby, a pod of dolphins is frolicking near Dirks boat. As a big game fisherman, Dirk Moran makes it plain that he hates just about every other fish-eating animal on earth. Sandy meets a dolphin, Flipper. The next day, Porter and Sandy are paid a visit by the sheriff, who explains that they could not keep the dolphin unless he is in captivity. That night, Sandy and Kim set out on a dinghy to look for Flipper. They fail to locate the dolphin, but see dumping of barrels off of Dirk Moran's boat. The next morning, as Kim arrives looking for Sandy, Sonny, Porter's pet brown pelican, comes running, as if asking her to follow him. Sonny leads Kim to Flipper who is beached on the shore and sick. They manage to cure Flipper anyhow. Kathy determines that Flipper has been poisoned by toxic waste, which is also shown to have been ruining the local fishing. The group uses Flipper's ability of echolocation and a special camera attached to his head to help them locate the barrels of toxic waste. Flipper also manages to locate the rest of his pod, and reunites with them, in the process, dropping the camera. Porter rushes back to alert the sheriff about the barrels. Sandy, however becomes concerned that something has happened to Flipper; without informing anyone except Kathy's young son, Marvin, who sets off in the dinghy to find him. Sandy barely survives an encounter with Dirk Moran's boat, which dismantles the dinghy. He sees an approaching dorsal fin and thinks it is Flipper, but it is actually Scar, a hammerhead shark that has been lurking in the island's waters. Sandy swims for his life towards Dirk's boat. As Scar is about to attack Sandy, Flipper appears and starts nose-butting him in the gills. There is a harrowing moment when Scar proves stronger than Flipper, but Flipper's dolphin pod comes to his aid in the nick of time. Dirk Moran is arrested by the sheriff for illegally dumping toxic waste. The next day, when Sandy's mom and younger sibling arrive to pick him up, there is a commotion. It is Flipper, who has come to see Sandy off.
The narrator explains that in 1957, the Soviet Union launched Earth's first satellite Sputnik 1 into orbit. Four years later in 1961, when NASA was putting a monkey named Enos aboard Mercury Atlas 5, astronaut Yuri Gagarin became the first man on Earth to go to space. The Soviets were beating the Americans in every milestone off the planet. Feeling the sense of urgency to overtake the Soviets in the space race, U.S. President John F. Kennedy made a huge statement toward a joint session of Congress on May 25, 1961, stating that before the decade is out, he plans to launch a man to the Moon and return him safely to the Earth. 8 years later, in 1969, an 11-year-old fly named Nat and his two best friends, I.Q. and Scooter, build a "fly-sized" rocket in a field across from Cape Canaveral, Florida, where Apollo 11 sits on the Kennedy Space Center Launch Complex 39. From his earliest memory, Nat remembers his grandfather, Amos, telling him of his daring rescue of Amelia Earhart when she crossed the Atlantic Ocean on her historic flight in 1932. Wanting to be an adventurer like his grandpa, Nat knows what he has to do. Defying the notion that "Dreamers get swatted!" he tells his friends his plan to get aboard Apollo 11 and go to the moon. His buddies, with some reluctance, are in. The next morning, as their families realize they are missing, the three flies make it in to Mission Control. In their homemade space suits, Nat, I.Q. and Scooter manage to stow away inside the space helmets of astronauts Neil Armstrong, Buzz Aldrin and Michael Collins. As they blast off, our three tiny adventurers are about to make some history of their own. Back on Earth, Grandpa, Mom and the others watch TV to get news of their offsprings adventure. As the astronauts appear on camera, the heroic flies wave in the background, visible to other flies but barely seen by humans  except for the attentive NASA flight controller Steve Bales, who informs Armstrong that there appear to be "contaminants" on board. One other problem: in the far-away Soviet Union, there are other flies watching TV  Soviet flies who cannot tolerate the idea that American flies might get to the moon first. A Soviet plan is hatched and special operatives are enlisted to interfere with the American mission. The Soviet Union puts all its hopes of success on the back of one nasty operative named Yegor. Fortunately, a pretty Soviet fly named Nadia also sees the flies on board and hears Scooter calling out Grandpas real name, the very name of the fly Nadia met in Paris and loved so many years ago. Back on board the space ship, as the burn cycle to enter the moon's Trans Lunar Injection orbit begins, the spacecraft is violently rocked. Theres a short circuit in the Service Module that must be fixed manually or the ship wont be able to complete its mission. Nat and I.Q. fly through a maze of wires, find the problem and repair it just in time. Unaware of the flies aid, the ship enters orbit and all is well... or so they think. Just as they congratulate each other, the little flies are sprayed with a numbing aerosol and are captives in a test tube vial  contaminants indeed. The flies manage to break the vial. Nat sneaks into Armstrongs helmet just in the nick of time. The Lunar Module Eagle lands on Mare Tranquillitatis. From inside the helmet, Nat beams with every awe-inspiring historic step. I.Q. and Scooter join him on the surface inside Aldrins helmet. After a climatic rescue with Nat bringing Scooter back to the Columbia, the Eagle is jettisoned. Back on Earth, other plots are being set in motion. After more than 30 years apart, Nadia finds Grandpa, though the joy of their reunion is brief. She tells Grandpa and Nats Mom about the Soviet plot to divert the mission. Nats mom faints while Grandpa takes off with a renewed youthful vow to save his grandson. At Mission Control Center, the Soviet operatives have infiltrated and are preparing to alter the descent codes. Unaware of the potential danger looming, the astronauts and the little flies sit back and prepare to come back home as heroes. Grandpa, Nats mother and Nadia join forces to stop Yegor and the Soviet plan as the Command Module Columbia hurtles closer and closer toward Earth's atmosphere. In a series of death-defying stunts, they crush the Soviet threat. After a short period of radio silence due to ionization blackout, the Columbia splashes down safely in the Pacific Ocean, where it is recovered by the USS Hornet. Returning as heroes, the three little flies share a slogan embraced by all: "Adventure forever! Dreamers get swatted? Never!" At the end the real Buzz Aldrin explains that no flies were on board during the historic flight, and it is scientifically impossible for a bug to go to space.
Set in a rural environs outside the fictional town of Raupo in New Zealand, the film centers on sheep and cattle farmer Wal Footrot and his border collie sheepdog named Dog. Wal is assisted on his farm, Footrot Flats, by his nature-loving neighbour Cooch Windgrass, local boy Rangi Jones and Wal's niece Pongo Footrot. Wal and Cooch are menaced by their unpleasant neighbours, the Murphys, comprising patriarch Irish and his two sons Spit and Hunk, who attempt to steal Cooch's deer and stag. When the Murphys buzz Wal's shearing shed from their "deer slayer" helicopter, Dog is stampeded into a sheep dip and starts to drown, prompting a flashback sequence in which he recalls being given as a puppy to Wal by Aunt Dolly, and first meeting his future girlfriend Jess. Wal's two non-farming preoccupations are his girlfriend, local hairdresser Cheeky Hobson, and impressing a selector for New Zealand's national rugby team, the All Blacks. Dog opposes Wal's relationship with Cheeky, but has problems of his own when Jess is swept away in a flood and ends up at the Murphys' farm, where she is threatened by rats and ferocious "croco-pigs". Dog saves Jess from the rats, but the two dogs are then hunted by Irish Murphy. Rangi is desperate to get Wal away from a rugby game and over to the Murphys' farm. Dog and Jess end up floating out toward the sea on a raft with the fearless cat Horse, who has been shot by Irish. Rangi and Wal manage to rescue Jess, but Dog and Horse are swept out to sea. Wal, Rangi, Pongo, Cooch and Jess rush to the beach but cannot see Dog or Horse. The two are given up for dead, before surfing in on a giant wave that dumps them ashore.
In this story, Franklin the Turtle and his little sister, Harriet are planning to pay a visit to and spend Christmas with their maternal grandparents at Faraway Farm, a farm far away from Woodland where their mother Mrs. Turtle grew up. As the Turtle Family gets ready to go to the farm, they sing the first and third verses of Deck the Halls. Franklin immediately becomes annoyed with Harriet when she throws a snowball, causing him to drop a large pile of presents. Bear and Beatrice come, and Franklin accidentally forgets his favorite stuffed toy, Sam, at home. Franklin thinks that Harriet dumped Sam in the snow on purpose, when it was really Beatrice who had Sam after they left, and Bear had failed to give it back to Franklin. Franklin is still annoyed with Harriet when they get to Faraway Farm, and he becomes even more annoyed when he learns that he and Harriet will be sleeping in the same room. Later that evening, his maternal grandmother, Grandma Jenny Turtle, tells a strange story from her childhood about a reindeer. This story involves a flashback showing the little Grandma Turtle and Great-Grandpa Turtle. She admits that she might have imagined it as the father takes a family portrait, in which Franklin gives a sad look. Grandma Jenny Turtle then shows Franklin Sirius outside and sings to him Twinkle Twinkle Little Star before sending him to bed. The next day, as Franklin feeds the chickens, Grandma Jenny Turtle lets him in on a little surprise - she is fixing up an old sleigh for Grandfather Turtle. Franklin decides to help, and Grandma Jenny Turtle introduces him to her neighbors, the Collies, who collect the polish for the sleigh. That night, an ice storm strikes, causing a blackout, and while Franklin is checking the attic closet for candles, he comes across the bell from Grandma Turtle's story, revealing that she was not imagining the story after all. Franklin shows the bell to Grandma Jenny Turtle the next morning, and suggests that they use the bell for Grandfather Turtle's sleigh. Grandma Jenny Turtle has Harriet help with the sleigh, but Harriet spills the beans at lunch. Later, while Franklin and Harriet work on the sleigh, Harriet rings the bell, and just like in Grandma Jenny Turtle's story, a reindeer appears. Franklin runs to the house to tell Grandma Jenny Turtle. In the process, Franklin distracts Grandpa, who slips on a puddle of ice and breaks his leg. And when he is home, he then is on the sofa looking at his broken leg and is told to rest. Harriet then starts to cry because of his leg broke. Grandpa states to Harriet, 'It's okay, Harriet!' Franklin and Harriet were forced to go upstairs until morning. Franklin decides to use the sleigh to go and find Dr. Bear in Woodland. He eventually discovers that Harriet has come along, hidden in the back. The horse, Rosie, is just as surprised, and runs away. Franklin is furious, but then sees that Harriet has brought the bell. Franklin angrily yells at Harriet. Harriet cries because of Franklin, who's furious. Franklin states, 'Hey, don't cry! I'm sorry I yelled at you!' But their parents and their grandparents did not have Franklin and Harriet. The distressed turtles were stranded and lost. So they ring it, and this time two reindeer come, one with a bell exactly like the one Franklin has. Franklin realizes that the bell must belong to the other reindeer and that this is why he always comes whenever somebody rings it. With the bell back, the original reindeer creates a harness seemingly out of nowhere. As they soar above the clouds Franklin sees Sirius, and together he and Harriet sing "Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star". Grandma Jenny finds the note Franklin left for her, Grandpa Turtle, Mrs. Turtle, and Mr. Turtle. Mr. and Mrs. Turtle soon return home after spending the afternoon checking on the Collies. Jenny, Mr. and Mrs. Turtle decide to split up and try to find Franklin and Harriet. Franklin and Harriet soon arrive at the Bears' house and fetch Dr. Bear. Dr. Bear decides to go on the sleigh with Franklin and Harriet. Rosy returns to the farm and she, Jenny, Mrs. Elizabeth Turtle, and Mr. Jonathan Turtle see Franklin, Harriet, and Dr. Bear arrive by sleigh. Dr. Bear gives Grandfather Turtle a cast for his leg and also gives Franklin his toy Sam. That night, Franklin and Harriet see Santa Claus and the reindeer out the window. The film ends with Franklin and Harriet saying "Merry Christmas" to each other.
Franklin is excited about the coming of spring, because his parents have told him he will become a big brother then. After talking with his friends about it, though, he begins to have mixed feelings. His mother reads a tale known throughout Woodland called The Quest of the Green Knight and Franklin decides to go on his own quest to end the unusually long winter, with his friend Snail as his squire.
The movie opens with black and white and a young female turtle with glasses burying a green box. The scene zooms out to a turtle shaped lake, then we see a picture of it as we hear a fire and someone shouting "Mother! Father!" before it then perishes on Granny Turtle, who wakes from a bad dream, and sighs sadly. The scene then pulls us to Franklin, Beaver and Snail playing pirates, and they were about to go to a tree with an X. Just as they were about head towards there, Bear appears playing the villainous captain and Franklin defeats him. After that, the four went home. Franklin and Snail walk by Franklin's Aunt Lucy's place and notice the door was open. They went inside to see if Aunt Lucy was home, but instead someone in a mask scares them off and they run away. As they run off, the someone in behind the mask reveals to be a female turtle with a pink bonnet on the head. two run, where Franklin's parents and sister Harriet get a message of Lucy, with no post or stamp. When Franklin revels what happened, Jonathan soon gets the answers and they walk around the house, where Lucy appears to be. Lucy was at Granny Turtle's and promised to invite the turtles over. When Franklin tells her about the monster at her place, Lucy thinks it's her goddaughter. When the turtles arrive at Granny's place, who is happy to see them here, Lucy is in the backyard, with her goddaughter who reveals to be the turtle with pink bonnet, named Samantha. The two aren't getting along very and despite trying to be to one and each other, their personality clashes keep getting the best of them. Later the next day, Bear, Beaver, and Snail wait for Franklin to play pirates again, when they see him with a bouquet of flowers. They decide to follow to see what's up. When they arrive, they meet Samantha, who thinks pirate games are for little kids, until Aunt Lucy appears as a pirate. As Sam is still not interested, Lucy decides to show her a map to shows real treasure: Granny's box of memories. Franklin and Sam decided to meet Granny to talk to her about the box. Granny flashes back to when she was just a child, revealing to be the turtle we had seen at the beginning of the film. She lived in Turtle Lake. She spend mornings of fishing with her father and she spend afternoons of picking berries with her mother. She found a secret hiding place and stayed there for hours and hours. Then, she buried her valuables inside a painted tin box in the ground to keep and remember, but she never got the chance to open it again. A few nights after she buried it, her parents let her sleep outside in a tent when a forest fire started and burned her tent...and was about to damage her house. She managed to escape on the lake in a boat when the rain started. The next morning, her house was destroyed, the location of the time capsule was obscured, and the fire burned and killed her parents. She went to live with her aunts family and hadn't been back ever since. Interest by her past, Franklin and Samantha decided to check on memories from Jonathan and Lucy's past. Later, the turtles get a call from Lucy that Granny is sick, and they decided to check up. Thinking that the box may be their only hope, Franklin, Sam, Lucy, Beaver, Bear, and Snail decide to head towards to Granny's old ruined home. During the adventure, Sam pulls a dirty trick by placing a rock in Beaver's backpack, causing her to slow down, until she founds out when she looks inside. She is not impressed and laughable at this joke. Suddenly, a flock of butterflies appears and they follow them, where they meet an old wise turtle, who gives an item, in which Granny also has it was imminently given back. Next day, they meet Little Crow, an orphan bird, who shows them the place with box use to be, revealing to be taken. Later, after placing flowers over Granny's house, they head out where Little Crow takes Snail to where three baby birds are. Meanwhile, Bear, Beaver and Lucy try look for the two turtles, who went to looking for Snail, and find an arrow Sam left for them to follow. While trying catch up get, Franklin and Sam's personality clashes happen again, until Little Crow, crying because the chicks wouldn't let him play with Snail, wanting to keep him to themselves. As they climb to reach to Snail, Samantha's hand slips, causing her to fall, but is saved by Franklin. They decided to rest rock that's safer not to fall. While waiting, the two turtles apologize for what they said and did to each other, admitting that their personality clashes had gotten the best of them. They soon reach the top and try to save snail, but chicks refuse to let them take Snail. Little Crow manages to save Snail, but the chicks attack, causing him to throw Snail. Sam saves him but they all fall when the mother of the chicks appear and save them just in time. Lucy, Bear and Beaver arrive and help them all down. They decided to let Little Crow be with the mother hawk, as they set off. They soon arrive at a chasm, where they hear a voice, and help him out. The voice reveals to be Big Bear and he brings them to his home. Back at Granny's, Elizabeth and Jonathan made sure Granny's alive. When Elizabeth and Jonathan leave the room, Franklin put his face in the pillow and starts to cry. Harriet saw Franklin cry and comforts him. It later reveals that Big Bear dug Granny's box out when he was digging. They thank him and leave for home, with Big Bear giving them his canoe as shortcut. They soon see Little Crow flying with Mother hawk, and the wise old turtle. They make it back just in time. They give her the item, her dad's fishing hook, a picture of her house she drew and a sealed picture of her as an infant with her parents. She smiles as she finally recovers. Later that evening, the family has picnic and they enjoy rest of evening together. The two turtles and Harriet dance to Granny's song, and reveal it's back to school and they'll both miss each other, hoping to see each other again real soon. As a reminder of their summer, Franklin gives Sam Granny's map and Samantha promises to never forget this summer as she kisses Franklin. The film ends with Aunt Lucy saying that life is full of surprises. During the first half of the credits, we see several pictures hung in a room, with it ending with the picture of Granny Turtle as an infant with her parents.
The film begins with a pod of orcas swimming near the coastline of the Pacific Northwest. The pod is tracked down by a group of whalers, and one of them, Willy, is trapped and sent to an amusement park. Sometime later in Seattle, Washington, Jesse, a 12-year-old boy abandoned by his mother six years before, is caught by the police for stealing food and vandalizing the theme park. Jesse's social worker Dwight earns him a reprieve by finding him a foster home and having him clean up the graffiti at the theme park as part of his probation. His foster parents are the supportive and kind Annie and Glen Greenwood, but Jesse is initially unruly and hostile to them. While working at the park, Jesse encounters Willy. Willy is regarded as surly and uncooperative by the park staff, including his trainer Rae Lindley, but he saves Jesse from drowning, starting a bond, and becomes friendly with his keeper, Haida native Randolph Johnson. Jesse teaches tricks to Willy, and is offered a permanent job at the theme park after probation. Jesse also warms into his new home. The owner of the amusement park, Dial, sees the talent Jesse and Willy have together and makes plans to host "The Willy Show" in hopes of finally making money from Willy, who has thus far been a costly venture for him. On the day of the first performance, Willy is antagonized by the children banging constantly on his underwater observation area and refuses to perform. Willy smashes against the tank, damaging it. Jesse storms off in tears and plans to run away. Later, while at the tank, Jesse notices Willy's family calling to him and Dial's assistant Wade and other men sneaking into the underwater observation area. They damage the tank enough that the water will gradually leak out in an effort to kill Willy and claim his $1,000,000 insurance policy. Jesse, Randolph, and Rae hatch a plan to release Willy back into the ocean. They use equipment at the park to load Willy onto a trailer, and Jesse and Randolph use Glen's truck to tow Willy to a marina. They try to stay on the back roads to avoid being spotted, but eventually get stuck in the mud. Wade meanwhile informs Dial that Willy is missing, and begins a search to find Willy. Unable to move the trailer himself, Jesse calls Glen and Annie using a CB radio in Glen's truck. Annie and Glen show up and help free the truck, and continue on to the marina to release Willy. Dial knows where they are headed, and when they show up, he, Wade, and his henchmen are blocking the gate. Glen charges at them full speed in the truck, forcing the henchmen to scatter. Glen turns the truck around and backs Willy into the water, flooding the truck in the process. Willy is finally released into the water, but Dial and his goons attempt to stop them. During the struggle, Jesse gets Willy to swim away while the whaling ships close in with their nets. Jesse runs towards the seawall, calling for Willy to follow him, steering him away from the boats. Jesse goes to the edge and tells Willy that if he makes the jump, it will be his highest, and he'll be free. Jesse says a tearful goodbye, but pulls himself together and goes back to the top. He recites a Haida prayer Randolph had taught him, before giving Willy a signal. Willy makes the jump and is finally free to return to his family. Jesse goes back to Glen and Annie, who hug him as they look out into the sea. Willy calls out to Jesse in the distance, and both say their farewell.
Australian teenager Kirra is sent to stay with her grandfather, Gus, in his run-down amusement park in Cape Town, South Africa after her father was hospitalized for six weeks. Upon arrival, Kirra is met at the airport by Mansa, one of her grandpa's employees. Kirra is initially unhappy about leaving her father, but she eventually makes friends with a boy named Sifiso. After a fierce storm, a baby male orca was separated from his pod, and became stranded in a lagoon on Gus's property. The next morning, Kirra discovers the animal and names him Willy. Willy proves to be a big hit amongst the park visitors. However, Kirra is concerned about Willy, who is not eating due to stress. Kirra sets herself a mission to take care of it. Kirra tries very hard to get Willy to eat a fish, and finally succeeds after talking to him about her parents. Gus' competitor Rolf Woods learns about the new attraction at Gus' park, and offers to buy Willy for $500,000, but no deal is made. After much perseverance, Kirra persuades Gus to call the marine rescue center for help in rehabilitating Willy back into the sea. However, Willy had under-developed echolocation skills and is unable to survive without his pod, thus making him unsuitable for rehabilitation. Not one to give up, Kirra does much research on how to train Willy to use his echolocation skill, despite being told that there is no known method to do so. She then tries to feed Willy blindfolded, but fails many times. Rolf, desperate for Willy, hatches a plot to poison Willy to get Gus to sell it at a cheaper price. After his plan fails, Rolf denies all knowledge of the plan, though he offers to buy Willy again. Kirra then camps out by the lagoon to keep Willy calm after the failed plot. Willy suddenly wakes her up, pulls her into the water, and lets her ride him. After that, Kirra and Willy become a double-act at the park, attracting many reporters and cameramen. The money earned from this publicity is then used to fund the fishes needed for Willy's echolocation training. After many tries, Willy learns to use his echolocation, and manages to catch live fish swimming in the lagoon. In the meantime, Rolf returns to tempt Gus with a lower offer for Willy. Faced with a mounting food bill, Gus agrees to sell Willy to Rolf at 500,000 dollars, and insists the exchange take place after Kirra's departure. Mansa makes an underwater recording device to record Willys sounds, hoping to use the sounds to locate Willy's pod. Despite working hard for days, they do not produce any results. One day, Sifiso invites Kirra to go to his Uncle Rudy's safari park to take her mind off Willy. On their way back, they see a billboard advertising Willy as a new attraction to Rolf's theme park. The pair then hurries back, but was too late as Gus had already signed the agreement to sell Willy. Kirra is heartbroken, and makes Gus promise to make sure that Rolf takes good care of Willy. Later, when Kirra goes down to the lagoon, she sees Willys pod. However, Gus does not believe her account. Kirra and Sifiso go to seek Uncle Rudy's help with their plan to put Willy back into the ocean. However, he is not around, but the two steal a crane truck and drive it back to Pirate's Cove. Later, Gus agrees to help them get Willy back into the ocean if his pod can be found. Kirra and Sifiso then head for the harbour with Willy, while Gus and Mansa stay to distract Rolf, who was on his way over. Eventually they find Willy's family, and Willy is reunited with them. Kirra later jumps into the water to bid Willy farewell. On the day of Kirra's departure, she says goodbye to Mansa and Sifiso at the airport, and agrees to come back next summer. As she gets on the plane, Gus wipes away a tear. Kirra smiles as she takes a final look on Cape Town. Meanwhile, Willy and his pod swim off into the ocean depths.
Jesse is sixteen years old and works as an orca-researcher on a research ship called the Noah alongside his old friend Randolph and moved away from Glen and Annie who were promised by Randolph to keep Jesse out of trouble. They suspect that Willy and his pod are being illegally hunted by whalers posing as commercial fishermen. Aboard just such a ship, the Botany Bay, Max Wesley, who is ten years old, takes his first trip to sea with his father, John, a whaler from a long line of whalers, and learns the true unlawful nature of the family business. During his first hunt, Max is thrown overboard and comes face to face with Willy. From this point on, Max is working against his own father, teaming with Jesse and Randolph to save Willy from becoming $200-per-pound sushi. Jesse introduces Max to Willy properly after learning of Max's experience and how Max likes whales. Jesse goes to his and Randolph's head boss about the threat to the whales, but he refuses to take action until Jesse manages to get proof with help from Max. Jesse manages to sneak on board the Botany Bay to steal a sample of the spear guns that are used to shoot the whales, and discovers that the whalers are heading back out to go after Willy and his pod, using an audio recording of a song which Jesse plays on his harmonica as a lure for Willy, who won't realize that it's not Jesse until it's too late. Jesse's boss plans to call for help the next day, but knowing it will be too late then, Jesse, Randolph and one of their fellow researchers, Drew, steal the Noah research boat from her mooring and go after the whalers themselves. Max manages to buy them a little time by jumping into the water and forcing the whalers to pause their pursuit of the whales to perform a "man overboard" rescue for Max, which gives Jesse and his two companions enough time to catch up. John is angry because he learns that his son isn't on his side and believes that Max tried to sabotage the engine, but it doesn't stop him. Jesse, Randolph and Drew use a flare gun and their boat's P.A. system to try to bluff the whalers into stopping, but when it doesn't work, Jesse rams the Botany Bay with the Noah just as they fire a harpoon, the jolt causing the harpoon to miss Willy and knocking John into the water. Willy tries to kill him, biting at him, but Jesse and Max manage to convince Willy to spare him. Max's father then gets trapped under a net and nearly drowns as the net drags him down, and ultimately comes face to face with Willy himself. This time, Willy, instead of killing him, saves him by pushing him to the surface and holding him there long enough for Jesse and Randolph to rescue him. The Marine Patrol arrive, having been summoned on the radio by Jesse before he rammed the Botany Bay, and catch the whalers in the act and arrest them. Being saved by Willy causes John to realize that he was wrong about the whales, and he apologizes to Max. John is not sure where to go from here as his whole life has been about whaling, but Max tells him he is his father and forgives him. Later, Jesse, Randolph, Drew and Max witness the birth of Willy's son and Jesse decides to name him Max when given the choice. The film ends with the two whales, their calf, and the rest of the pod swimming away out to the open sea.
In the wilderness of Oregon, a prairie dog screams after Riggs' car passes by and throws a cigar at it. This causes an unnamed raccoon to signal a mink to release a boulder that pushes Riggs' car to the edge of a cliff, teetering back and forth. After that, the raccoon throws the cigar back to Riggs, who yells "you're a bad raccoon!". The raccoon then blows the car down the cliff. Riggs quits Lyman Enterprises. As a result of Riggs' resignation, a real estate developer from Chicago named Dan Sanders is brought in as his replacement. He is given the task of turning the forest of Rocky Springs into a residential development by Lyman Enterprises CEO Neal Lyman. This all transpires much to the objections of Dan's son, Tyler. His wife Tammy is unhappy in Rocky Springs, she misses her life in Chicago. Unfortunately for Dan, the animals who are led by the raccoon refuse to sit back and watch their forest to be destroyed. They manage to turn the tables on him by disturbing his progress, interrupting his meetings, and humiliating him. Upon receiving some research from his love interest Amber, Tyler tells his father that Rocky Springs is a forest reserve where he warns his father that "many have tried to conquer it but they all fail." Following an attack by a bear that traps him in a tipped over portable toilet, Dan signs orders to have a drill sergeant capture and cage all the animals. Meanwhile, Tammy is forced to plan an "eco friendly" fair with a senile teacher Mrs. Martin at the high school which is sponsored by Lyman's company, unaware of Lyman's plans to cut down the forest to build houses and a shopping mall "with a forest theme". Dan, figuring this out, decides to set the animals free. Once released the raccoon and his friends immediately wreak havoc on the eco fair, causing the guests and entertainers to flee while Mrs. Martin talks to an owl. Lyman accidentally tranquilizes the sponsor for the construction, Mr. Gupta, after he attempted to break their deal. He flees into a worm tunnel with the animals in close pursuit. The animals began attacking him, as a bear drives a golf cart, pulling the tunnel away into a bush. After some convincing from Amber and Tammy, Tyler finally tells his father that he loves him. Three months later, the forest is reclaimed as a nature preserve with Dan working as a park ranger. The poster promoting the forest preservation also states that anyone who violates the rules will be fined $1,000,000.00. During the credits, the humans and animals dance to the Transcenders version of "Insane in the Brain."
Gallavants are ants living in their own fairy-tale land, Ganteville. The little ones have to go to school in preparation of their adult life as working ants. However, one pupil thinks he doesn't need to take lessons and work hard, in order to find his destination in life. He has to learn the hard way...
Jon Arbuckle plans to propose to his girlfriend Dr. Liz Wilson, who is going on a business trip to London. Jon follows her to the United Kingdom as a surprise; After escaping from the kennel, Garfield and Odie sneak into Jon's luggage and join him on the road trip. Garfield and Odie break out of the hotel room due to boredom, then get lost. Meanwhile, at Carlyle Castle in the British countryside, the late Lady Eleanor's will is read. She leaves all of Carlyle Castle to Prince XII, her beloved cat who looks just like Garfield. This enrages the Lady's nephew, Lord Dargis, who will now only get the grand estate once Prince is out of the picture. Lord Dargis traps Prince in a picnic basket and throws him into the river. Garfield inadvertently switches places with Prince: Jon finds Prince climbing out of a drain and takes him to the hotel, while Prince's butler Smithee finds Garfield in the street and takes him to Carlyle Castle. In the grand estate Garfield is residing in, he receives the royal treatment, including a butler and a team of four-legged servants and followers. Garfield teaches his animal friends how to make lasagna, while Prince learns to adapt to a more humble setting, while in Jon's company. Lord Dargis sees Garfield and thinks Prince has come back  if the lawyers see Prince/Garfield they will not sign the estate over to Dargis, who secretly wants to destroy the barnyand and kill the animals to build a country spa. Dargis makes many attempts to kill Garfield, one involving an unmerciful but dim-witted Rottweiler, Rommel. Eventually Garfield and Prince meet each other for the first time. Jon, with the help of Odie, discovers the mix-up and goes to the castle, which coincidentally Liz is visiting. Garfield and Prince taunt Dargis, whose plan is exposed, and are seen by the lawyers. Dargis threatens everyone if they don't sign the papers to him, taking Liz hostage. Garfield, Prince, Odie and Jon save the day, Smithee alerts the authorities, and Dargis is arrested. Garfield, who had been trying to stop Jon from proposing to Liz, has a change of heart: He helps Jon in proposing, and she accepts.
Garfield is an overweight and free-spirited orange cat who lives with his owner, Jon Arbuckle. Garfield passes his time by antagonizing Jon and teasing an aggressive neighbor Doberman Pinscher, Luca. Aside from Jon, Garfield maintains an unlikely friendship with a helpful mouse, Louis. He also socializes with his fellow neighborhood cats, including Garfield's stooge Nermal and Arlene. Meanwhile, a local television host, Happy Chapman, known for his cat "Persnikitty" is introduced as supposedly a happy man. In reality he is allergic to cats, jealous of his brother Walter J. Chapman, a news reporter, and destined to be more successful by performing on TV show Good Day New York. Jon has made a habit of bringing Garfield to the veterinarian, in order to see vet Dr. Liz Wilson. Jon tries to ask her out, but due to a misunderstanding, he is given custody of a stray dog, Odie, who is lovable and friendly. Regardless, Jon and Liz begin dating. Garfield however, dislikes Odie and tries to remove him from the household by getting revenge. Odie is brought to a canine talent show, where Liz is a judge. Garfield gets involved in an altercation there with other dogs, which moves Odie to the center of the ring, where he begins dancing to "Hey Mama" by the Black Eyed Peas. His improvised performance is a hit. Happy Chapman, who also is a judge of the dog show is impressed with Odie, and offers Jon a television deal for Odie, but Jon declines. When Garfield comes back, he accidentally hits a ball in frustration, and causing a chain reaction that trashes Jon's house, and when Jon finds the house in shambles later, he forces Garfield to sleep outside for the night as punishment. Heartbroken, Garfield sadly sings. When Odie comes out to comfort Garfield, he gets inside and locks Odie out. Nermal and Arlene witness this as Odie runs away; he is then picked up by an elderly woman named Mrs. Baker. Jon searches with Liz for Odie while the neighborhood animals blames Garfield for locking Odie out and making him run away the night before while Garfield states that he only was protecting his turf and never wanted Odie to run off. Meanwhile, Chapman and his assistant Wendell find a notice Mrs. Baker created of Odie and, recognizing the lucrative possibilities, claim Odie as Happy's own. When Garfield sees Odie on television and hears Chapman announce he and Odie are going to New York City, Garfield sets out to rescue Odie. Jon discovers Garfield missing so Jon and Liz start searching. Garfield gets into the broadcast tower via the air vents but he is blown around violently. Garfield finds Odie locked in a room; Chapman enters and secures a shock collar to Odie, which, when activated, releases an electric discharge that forces him to perform tricks. Chapman heads for the train station with Garfield in close pursuit. However, an animal control officer catches Garfield mistaking him as a runaway. Mrs. Baker tells Jon that Chapman took Odie, making him believe Garfield was taken by Chapman too and he and Liz race to Telegraph Tower and then to the train station, after learning Chapman has left. Garfield is released from the pound by Chapman's abandoned feline star, Persnikitty, who is really named Sir Roland. Chapman boards a Texas-bound train, with Odie in the luggage car. Garfield arrives only to see the train depart. Garfield sneaks into the train system control room and frantically switches the tracks, leading to an impending train wreck. Garfield hits an emergency control and causes Chapman/Odie's train to return to the station. Garfield frees Odie and they exit the train. However, Chapman chases them. Chapman threatens Odie with the shock collar, but is stopped by Garfield's friends and animals from the pound, led by Sir Roland. They swarm and attack Chapman, allowing Odie and Garfield to escape. The shock collar is now on Chapman who gets shocked. Jon and Liz arrive to reclaim the animals and find Chapman disoriented. Jon punches Chapman in the face for stealing "both" his pets, and leaves with Liz and the two animals. Chapman is arrested for his supposed involvement with the trains, as well as for abducting Odie. Garfield regains the respect of his animal friends as a hero. Back at home, Liz and Jon form a relationship, and Garfield learnt his lesson about friendship.
Garfield lives with canine Odie and Jon in a what appears to be a suburban town inhabited by cartoon characters. Garfield and the gang work at Comic studios with other comic characters. The comic strip is made in Comic Strip world, and sent to "The Real World" where it is made in the newspaper. Garfield is tired of the same old jokes his friends crack and is bored with life in Comic Strip World and longs to go to The Real World. The Comic Strip requires a bone for Odie, but Odie does not want to give back the bone, and looks for a place to hide it. But he accidentally makes the bone go through the screen in the studio and it is sucked into the Real World. Eli explains to the comic characters that the screen separates Comic Strip World and The Real World, with no way back. Garfield sees his chance and goes through the screen without anyone noticing. Later on, the comic characters realize Garfield is in the real world, and Eli blocks the patch in the screen that separates the real world by taping special tape on it, so no one can gain access to the real world. Garfield tries to throw Odie back to Comic Strip World, but fails. Odie gets his bone back and he and Garfield go find some dinner. Garfield meets a cat named Shecky, and as they chat, Odie is chased by a gang of Chihuahuas who want his bone. To save Odie, Garfield grabs the bone and runs through a hole in a tree which is too small for the Chihuahua's fat owner to get through. Shecky gets dinner by annoying the people who live in a building and the people start throwing food at Shecky. After dinner, Shecky brings Garfield and Odie to their new home, an abandoned hotel called Hotel Muncie. The next day, Garfield realizes that his comic will be cancelled unless Garfield returns to the comic. Garfield finds an article in the newspaper asking people to try out and replace Garfield. Garfield and Odie head for the place where they are doing try-outs and try to impress the judges, but fail, and the judges are more impressed in Hale and Hardy, a muscular cat and equally muscular dog. The judges give Garfield one more chance: If Garfield does not make it back to the paper in 24 hours, Hale and Hardy will replace them. Garfield has an idea of building a big tunnel that can go through the screen and shares the idea with his friends back in comic strip world. Later that night, Hale and Hardy tie Garfield, Odie and Shecky up and set the hotel on fire. Billy Bear, Wally and Jon go save the three friends, but the entire hotel is on fire and all the exits are blocked. Luckily, Shecky finds a fire proof trash cart, and Jon, Wally, Odie, Garfield and Shecky jump in and Billy Bear is about to push the cart when Odie realizes his bone is missing and finds the bone lying on a chandelier and Odie jumps onto the chandelier. Garfield grabs Odie's paw on the second floor, and tries to pull him onto the cart, but Odie pulls Garfield onto the chandelier instead. Just then, the chandelier is almost going to collapse. Garfield grabs Jon's hand and the entire cart is flung into the air, and the chandelier collapses, causing the cart to fall to the ground with chandelier on it. The cart crashes out of the hotel, and the six are flung into the big tunnel and the door of the tunnel closes and the tunnel disappears and is transported back to Comic Strip World. The comic characters celebrate the return of Garfield at the end of the film.
Ten-year-old George lives in a dilapidated home near the Halifax Harbour with his grandfather Captain Waters. Captain Waters is a wheelchair-bound former sailor. He is fond of telling George ghost stories. He volunteers an old story about the time he saw Captain Kidd's ghost out in Halifax Harbour. When George learns in school about Kidd's supposed buried treasure out on nearby George's Island, he volunteers the story, and is punished by nosy school teacher Miss Birdwood. Miss Birdwood believes that the root of George's outburst is "trouble at home." She launches her own sneaky investigation to find out the truth. When she discovers that Captain Waters has a fondness for grog, she reports the family to Mr. Droonfield at Child Services. While Mr. Droonfield determines a course of action, George is temporarily placed with a foster family, the Beanes who keep him locked up in a basement cell. On Halloween night, George and the Beanes' other adoptee, Bonnie, escape with Captain Waters and head for safety on George's Island. Miss Birdwood and Mr. Droonfield give chase, but they accidentally awaken the ghosts of Captain Kidd and his men, who think that the intruders are after their chest of gold.
Lexy Gold lives amongst the wealthy and elite of Manhattan, New York. Clad in Prada, she prides herself on her ability to get the scoop and serve it up in her school newspaper's gossip column. She competes for status on the newspaper with middle-class Jack Downey, the editor. When a photograph Lexy has taken of her teacher, Mr. Orlando Walker, is published in the city's daily paper, he goes missing and his car is found in the East River. With help from Lexy's best friend Jen and one of her schoolmates Gabe, Lexy and Jack set out to solve the mystery behind the disappearance. Their teacher, Miss Gertrude Dawson, becomes involved as she and Mr. Walker were having an affair. Jack receives a message from Mr. Walker about a scholarship. Lexy and Jack search his old apartment, where they run into Detective Charles Meaney, who is searching for Mr. Walker. Jenn and Gabe watch Miss Dawson at Gabe's house with a video camera to keep an eye on her. Lexy and Jack later meet Mrs. Petrossian, who is Mr. Walker's mother, at her house. They discover that Mr. Walker changed his identity after being accused of stealing $10,000,000. Mr. Walker later receives a letter from the real person who stole the money, framing Mr. Walker. The group and Mr. Walker meet at a hotel to pretend to receive the money. Miss Dawson shows up at the hotel and is taken hostage by the real thief. Lexy and Jack search the halls for the man, who is revealed to be Detective Meaney, whose real name is Falco Grandville, Mr. Walker's boss when he worked at a bank in Arizona, and the man who had framed Mr. Walker for the money theft. The team catch up with him and he is later arrested. It's later revealed Mr. Walker's mother found a brooch worth the money at Falco's office by chance and decided to keep it; Falco blamed Walker. After Mr. Walker is pronounced a free man at last, he later asks Miss Dawson to marry him. At the end it shows the wedding with Jack, Lexy, Jen, and Gabe. Jack and Lexy share a moment between themselves before the four teens walk down the street talking about going bowling.
Taylor Hunter and Kylie Hunter are celebrating their 16th birthday and now they are licensed to drive. They plan to go to Salt Lake City, Utah with their friends for the 2002 Winter Olympics. When they stop at a local restaurant on their way, they notice that their car is stolen and their adventure becomes a misadventure when they board the wrong plane to San Diego. Determined to make it to Utah in time for the Olympic events, the teenagers take a coach from LA to Vegas, but get separated at a gas station. Kylie and half of the gang makes it to Vegas, where they end up taking part in a Vegas wedding, whilst Taylor and the other half of the gang ends up in a one horse town. While trying to get hold of her sister while being stranded in a one horse town, Taylor meets Charly, a girl of her age with a pick-up truck who offers to give her and her friends a ride to vegas. When Charly's truck breaks down, the friends think they couldn't have worse luck. But it turns out that Charly, who seemed like a humble farm girl, actually lives in a mansion and owns a private jet. Charly's dad offers to fly all of the teens to Salt Lake City for the Olympics. Taylor and Kylie arrive in Utah too late for the Olympic events. Taylor is upset because she would have liked to see her favourite Athlete, Alex Reisher, compete. Nonetheless, the friends decide to make their own fun by holding their own Olympics and going skiing. While skiing Taylor and a young man end up taking the ski lift together and strike conversation. His name is Alexander and they end up skiing together -but Taylor never sees his face behind his glasses and hat. It is not until a month later when she sees her picture in the paper that she realizes she had spent the day skiing with her Olympic crush Alex Reisher.
Petr's father marries Dorota and dies soon afterwards. Dorota wants to get rid of Petr and uses her courtship to governor who has Petr arrested. Petr meets count's daughters Angelina and Adlka during his escape attempt and falls in love with Angelina. Angelina isn't interested in poor Petr while Adlka falls in love with him and tries to help him. Petr is forced to join the army where he is bullied by corporal. Meanwhile an inexperienced Chort Janek is sent to take Dorota to hell. He makes mistake and accidentally takes Petr's grandmother. Lucipher is angry at Janek and sends him to correct his mistake. Janek accidentally joins army and loses his powers when soldiers burn his wolf's tail. He meets Petr and befriends him. Petr decides to help Janek to get his powers back. He manages to get him a new Wolf's tail. They escape army and abduct Dorota and drag her to the hell. Petr works in hell and Lucipher eventually decides to release him and fulfill him three wisshes. Petr wishes a magic coat that allows him to find a golden ducat everytime he slips into pocket, release for his Grandmother and corporal being taken to hell. Lucipher agrees but also wants Governor Petr and Jan to take Governor along with corporal. The coat changes Petr's look to uknowing and he gets attention when he gives money to all people who need. This helps him to lure Governor and Corporal to Janek who takes them to hell. Count also decides to go for help as his principality is broke. Petr agrees but only if Count allows him to marry his daughter. Count agrees with the deal but Angelina doesn't like it as Petr looks like a Chort but Adlka recognises Petr and happily agrees. Petr then takes as many ducats as he needs and puts down the coat and loses him. He goes to Duch's castle as an elegant gentleman to ask for his daughter's hand. When Angelina sees him she changes her mind and wants to marry him but Petr declines and states that he asked for Adlka's hand. Petr the marries Adlka and Angelina gets married to Lucipher.
Miss. Montague and Mr. Capulet are two elderly neighbors who despise each other. When they leave their respective gardens, their garden gnomes and other lawn ornaments come alive. The Montague garden is filled with blue-hat gnomes led by Lady Bluebury, and the Capulet garden has red-hat gnomes led by Lord Redbrick. Like their human gardeners, the gnomes also despise each other. The gnomes hold a back alley lawnmower race. Lady Bluebury's son Gnomeo and his best friend Benny are disappointed to see Mrs. Montague ordering a new "Kitty Clipper" lawnmower to replace Gnomeo's lawnmower. That night, Gnomeo and Benny infiltrate the red garden in black disguise. Benny sprays the reds' well and accidentally triggers a security light. During the escape Gnomeo ends up in a nearby garden where he bumps into a disguised Juliet, the daughter of Lord Redbrick. Juliet is attempting to retrieve a unique orchid, and the two romantically fight over it. They each discover the other's color before fleeing the garden. When they both go back to their own gardens, Juliet tells her frog-sprinkler friend Nanette about her newfound love. Nanette states that the relationship is romantically tragic. Gnomeo and Juliet have secret meetings in the nearby garden, where they meet a pink plastic flamingo named Featherstone who encourages their love. Lord Redbrick pairs Juliet with a Red Gnome named Paris, but Juliet isn't interested in him and distracts him with Nanette who has feelings for him. Lady Bluebury is distraught after the reds infiltrate the garden and destroy the plant nurtured by Gnomeo's late father. The blues want Gnomeo to take revenge on the reds, and he realizes that he cannot refuse unless he tells his secret. Just as he is about to spray the prized tulips of the reds, Juliet sees him and he backs out of the attack. When he and Juliet meet up again, they argue until Featherstone stops them, telling them he lost his wife when the couple living in the house, where the garden is, broke up and never saw each other again. Benny sees them and runs away into the alleyway, where Gnomeos rival, Tybalt, is waiting with his lawnmower, attempting to run Benny down and ends up chops off his hat. Gnomeo intervenes, and he and Tybalt fight on the red lawnmower until the lawnmower runs into the wall. Gnomeo jumps off at the last minute, but Tybalt crashes into the wall, causing him to shatter himself. The reds attempt to attack Gnomeo, thinking that Tybalt died because of him. To the surprise of her clan, Juliet defends Gnomeo, saying that she loves him. Gnomeo ends up on a road, and everyone believes he was run over by a truck. Lord Redbrick has the other red gnomes glue Juliet's feet to her fountain because he does not want to lose her like he lost her mother. Gnomeo's mushroom friend, Shroom, finds out that Gnomeo is still alive as blue teapots fell out of the truck that "ran him over", which all the gnomes came to believe was Gnomeo. He and Featherstone eventually reaches a park where Gnomeo climbs onto a statue of William Shakespeare and tells him his story. Shakespeare tells Gnomeo that his story is very similar to another and that it is likely Gnomeo's will have a sad ending as well. Benny gets onto Miss. Montague's computer and changes her lawnmower order to a powerful Terrafirminator unit, intending to get revenge on the reds. However, the Terrafirminator goes out of control, destroys most of the two gardens, and gets itself stuck while the gnomes wage a full-scale war. Gnomeo returns to Juliet with the help of Featherstone. However, when he arrives, the Terrafirminator frees itself, sending it flying. Gnomeo tries to un-glue Juliet, but is unable to. She tells him to go, but he refuses. The two share a passionate kiss just as the lawnmower crashes into the fountain, self-destructing in the process. When everyone believes that both are dead, Lord Redbrick and Lady Bluebury decide to end the feud. Miraculously, Gnomeo and Juliet emerge from the ruins and the two clans celebrate. Miss. Montague and Mr. Capulet come home to find their backyards a mess. The film ends happily with an epilogue. The red and blue gnomes finally coming together to celebrate their newfound peace. Benny and Nanette are in love, Lord Redbrick and Lady Blueberry became best friends, Tybalt is revealed to still be alive having been glued back together, Featherstone is reunited with his wife after Benny finds and orders her online, and Gnomeo and Juliet are married on a purple lawnmower, which symbolizes the new union of both gnome clans.
Jason "Jace" Newfield is the new blind student at his school, whose family recently moved from New York City to Salt Lake City, Utah. Thinking that his way to fit in is through playing the drums, he shows off in class only to find out that his band teacher, Mr. Wyatt, is also blind. He later finds out from one of his friends, Vincent "Fly" Shu, that the only way to fit in is to be a jock. However, his other friend, Mary Beth Rice, is becoming increasingly irritated by his "New Yorker's rule!" jokes and tells him that the reason no one is willing to be his friend is not because he is blind but because he is acting like a jerk. So in an effort to help Jace fit in, she asks him to try out for the wrestling team. "Fly" unwillingly tries out for the team with Jace, and they both make it. Throughout the course of the season he slowly starts to fit in with some of the students that gave him a hard time at the beginning of his year at the school. At the end of the season, they go on to the state championship. It ends with a reporter interviewing Jace's teammates about his wrestling; they deny that he is even blind, because they realize that he is a significant person, and they accept him for who he is and not just a blind person, which is what they saw at first.
In June 1980, Beth Easton and her recently widowed mother, Kate move from Los Angeles to a small town in northern Washington, where they move into Kate's aunt's farmhouse. At first, Beth misses L.A. and resents their new life in the country. In town, she encounters Jody Salerno, a troubled but free-spirited teenager who has a bad reputation in the town. While riding her bike the next day, Beth is forced off the road by a semi-truck, and plummets down a steep ravine, crashing her bicycle into a river, where Jody is fishing. Kate attempts to ingratiate Beth with two local girls, Tracy and Samantha, and while they are picking berries at the house, Beth encounters Jody, who has been hiding in a tree and throwing cherries at them. Tracy and Samantha warn Beth against associating with Jody, but Beth joins her on a walk through the woods. The next day when they are walking together, Jody tells Beth she has an adventure planned for the following day, and asks Beth to meet her outside the local high school. Jody fails to show, and a local cop, Matt offers her a ride to Jody's house. Jody's mother, Lynette answers the door, appearing shaken and inebriated, and tells Beth that Jody isn't home. Matt brings Beth home, and realizes that he is an old acquaintance of her mother's. Beth receives a phone call from Jody, who directs her into the forest outside her house. She explains that she hid from Matt and Beth at the high school because she had broken in and stolen candy from the vending machines; she then tells Beth the story of Molly Morgan, a female miner who purportedly died in a mine collapse in Bear Mountain while searching for gold. The girls board a motorized boat which Jody has hidden along the river, and ride downstream and into the mountain, where she has set up a makeshift living space in the cavern entryway. Jody confesses to Beth that her mother and her mom's abusive boyfriend, Ray, had gotten into a fight the night before, and that Jody may have fatally wounded him after he chased her into the woods. Beth urges Jody to go to the police, and a rainstorm approaches. As the girls try to leave the cave, there is a collapse of boulders, which destroy the boat and pin Beth to the cave floor. Jody swims out of the cave and down the river, making it safely past a grizzly bear and to a road where she crosses paths with a sheriff. Beth is rescued just in time, as the water level has slowly risen inside the cave. At the hospital, Jody is confronted by Ray, who is still alive to the surprise of Jody and Beth. Kate forbids Beth to spend time with Jody, but she appears at a Fourth of July picnic and divulges her plan to return to the mountain to get the gold. Kate eventually decides to let Beth see Jody, and they drive to Jody's house the next day. Inside, they find Lynette, beaten and incoherent, and no sign of Ray or Jody. Lynette is taken to the hospital and Beth insists to Matt that they go to the mountain, believing that Ray took Jody there. Beth assists Matt to the caves, but the two are separated inside. Beth finds Jody, who tells her that a drunken Ray beat her and forced her to take him to find the gold. Beth goes back to find Matt, and Jody is grabbed from behind by whom she believes is Ray when she turns around, she finds it is an elderly woman, who then recedes into the shadows. Ray appears and attempts to grab Jody, but is hit over the head with a shovel by the elderly woman, who is ostensibly Molly Morgan. Beth returns to find Jody and Ray, unconscious, but Molly has disappeared. Matt finally finds Beth and Jody and Ray is arrested. Lynette recovers in the hospital and Jody accepts her apologies. In late August, Matt arrives at Beth's house, and brings her, Kate, Jody, and Lynette to the courthouse, where an attorney is representing an anonymous client who has bestowed a gift to the girls. They are given two bags, each containing gold, and are cheered and applauded by the town citizens including Tracy and Samantha.
Willy is an 11-year-old boy with autism. He believes weird creatures are lurking, just waiting to attack him. He believes that the only thing keeping him safe is his house. When his parents decide to move, Willy isn't thrilled with the idea of going to a new school and living in a strange home. One day, Gooby, a teddy bear that Willy had as a little boy, arrives at the new house. This version of Gooby is nearly six feet tall, able to talk, and wants to help; Willy decides that the two will be friends, but he must hide Gooby from his parents. Left alone for long hours while Willy goes to school, Gooby is frequently bored. He passes the time by causing trouble, convincing the nanny that there are critters inside the house, stealing cookies from the kitchen, ransacking the garage for parts to build Willy's fantasy racer and sneaking around Willy's school where anyone could see him. When Willy's teacher goes on maternity leave, she is replaced by Mr. Nerdlinger, a children's book writer who desperately wants to become famous. When he catches sight of Gooby, he becomes determined to photograph him. Willy has trouble making friends, and when Gooby's appearance outside Mr. Nerdlinger's class makes Willy freak out his reputation at school is only worsened. On Halloween day, Willy and Gooby go out during daylight to have fun and Willy makes friends with the most popular kids in school by having Gooby buy them all tickets to an R-rated action movie. Gooby becomes envious of Willy when he begins to spend more time with his newfound friends. The two get into an argument, resulting in Gooby running away. Willy's grades start to drop, and his parents begin to worry. When Gooby eventually returns one night, he convinces Willy to follow him to a surprise location. Willy's parents notice that their son is missing and call the police, but meanwhile Gooby shows Willy what he has discovered: his father's childhood home. While exploring it, Willy gets scared to the point of falling backwards, breaking through the floor and catching a metal pipe too far down for Gooby to help him up. Gooby uses Willy's cellphone to call his father, who comes to the rescue. After saving Willy, Gooby talks to Mr. Dandrige and reminds him of how when he was a child his father never spent enough time with him. Willy's mother and father decide to stop working so hard and focus more on their son. One day, while shopping for materials to build Willy a playhouse, the family foils Mr. Nerdlinger's attempt to get pictures of Gooby when Willy notices that Gooby has wandered off. Gooby explains to Willy that now that he is happy and no longer so alone, it's time for Gooby to move on and help another child. Gooby transforms back into a teddy bear and Willy offers him to a little girl who is being ignored by her parents.
Owen Baker is a 12-year-old who has been working as the neighborhood dog-walker so he can earn the privilege of getting a dog of his own. Owen's hard work pays off when his parents, Mr. and Mrs. Baker, let Owen adopt a scruffy Border Terrier that he names Hubble. Owen has little time to make lasting friends, due to his parents' renovation and reselling of houses, so he hopes Hubble will be his best friend. Owen does have a friend named Connie Flemming, a girl his age who lives in the neighborhood, but he is also bullied by two boys named Frankie and Fred. Soon after the adoption of Hubble, Owen finds out that his new abnormally intelligent dog actually came from outer space. Owen wakes up the next morning to discover that he can now understand every word Hubble saysincluding the ominous phrase: "Take me to your leaders." Owen learns that dogs came to Earth thousands of years ago to colonize and dominate the planet. Hubble, who is really named Canid 3942, has been sent by the powerful Greater Dane on a mission from the Dog Star Sirius 7 to make sure dogs have fulfilled this destiny. The dogs Owen walks include pampered Poodle Barbara Ann, rambunctious Boxer Wilson, nervous Italian Greyhound Nelly and Connie's gassy Bernese Mountain Dog Shep. Despite the best efforts of Owen and this rag-tag group of neighborhood dogs to convince Hubble that everything is fine with Earth's dogs, Hubble soon discovers the awful truth about Earth dogs: "You're all pets!" Things get worse when Hubble learns that the Greater Dane is headed for Earth to do her own inspection. If things don't look right, all dogs on Earth will be recalled to Sirius. Owen and Hubble have to work together to prepare the neighborhood dogs for a visit from the Greater Dane and her Chinese Crested Dog henchman. Owen, Hubble, Connie, and their canine pals set out to whip the other dogs into shape so that they can pass muster. Owen's efforts fail and the Greater Dane recalls all dogs from Earth. Upset, Owen repairs Hubble's communicator and sends him a message declaring how much he loves him. The Greater Dane hears the message and is left curious by it so she approaches Hubble for his opinion on why the dogs on Earth are subservient to humanity when they should be ruling it. Hubble believes that the dogs and humans have formed a bond of love and loyalty. When asked where his own loyalty lies, Hubble asks the Greater Dane to refer to him as Hubble rather than Canid 3942, showing his bond with Owen. As a result, the Greater Dane sends the Earth dogs back and declares them a separate species. Hubble is allowed to return as well, but on the condition that he removes Owen's ability to communicate with dogs. Owen's parents choose to remain in town for once and Hubble starts to fit in as an Earth dog.
A little Skye Terrier named Bobby is the pet of a Scottish farmer and his wife but the dog loves an old shepherd hired on the farm called Auld Jock. When money grows scarce on the farm, Auld Jock is fired. He travels to Edinburgh, and Bobby follows him. Auld Jock dies in poverty in an inn and is buried in Greyfriar's Kirkyard. Bobby returns to Auld Jock's grave every night to sleep. Against the wishes of his wife, the graveyard caretaker James Brown tries to shoo Bobby away, but Bobby always finds his way back to the grave. Bobby endears himself to all, especially the neighborhood children. Brown and a restaurant owner, Mr. Traill, compete for the affections of the dog. Brown alleges Traill should pay Bobby's license fee, which he refuses on principle, not being Bobby's master. Mr. Traill is summoned to the court for a hearing, where he pleads not guilty. Mr. Brown is also present in the court, but he tells Mr. Traill he is sick, and can't get out of bed. Mr. Traill is told to come back the next day, with Bobby as well. Bobby's fate rests with the Lord Provost of Edinburgh and, without a license and someone to take responsibility for Bobby, he may be destroyed. The children of Edinburgh contribute their pennies for Bobby's license. Bobby is declared a Freeman of the City and adopted by the populace of Edinburgh.
The film opens in Yugoslavia with the Petrovic family watching their son Stepjan winning a soccer game. Their other son Andy works on his farm, and can't play soccer at all. One day, Andy discovers Gus can kick a soccer ball long distances when Andy shouts, "Oyage!". [Note: there is fierce debate in the Gus fan community re the spelling of "Oyage." Some spell it "Oyatch!," while others give it a more Yugoslavian-sounding, "Ojigdz!" The word itself has no meaning in any of the Yugoslavian languages, though.] Meanwhile, in Los Angeles, the California Atoms are a professional football team owned by Hank Cooper and coached by the inept Coach Venner. They are the worst team in the league and have not won a game in years. Cooper also owes a lot of money to two mobster bookmakers named Charles Gwynn and Cal Wilson. When Cooper tells them he cannot pay his debts, the bookies give him a last chance bet: if the Atoms win the upcoming Super Bowl, all gambling debts will be forgiven, but if they do not win, Gwynn and Wilson will take ownership of the team. Desperate to draw in fans, Cooper looks for a great half time show. His secretary, Debbie, sees a story in her parents' Yugoslavian newspaper about Gus. Debbie flies to Yugoslavia and hires Gus and Andy. After Gus is a hit in his first halftime show, Cooper and Venner decide to put him in the game as a place kicker. The other team protests, but as the rule book does not require a player to be human, Cooper allow Gus to kick, And able to kick a field goal from anywhere in the field, the Atoms win. The Atoms go on to win their next few games thanks to Gus, and move to first place in their division. The only catch is that that Gus will only kick when Andy holds the ball and shouts the command. Debbie is assigned to watch over Andy and Gus, since she can speak Serbian. A romance begins between them, aided by Gus. Gwynn and Wilson, realizing their deal with Cooper is backfiring, hire two incompetent criminals named Crankcase and Spinner to stop Gus from playing and make the team lose. Through their schemes, Crankcase and Spinner cause the Atoms to lose two games. Despite the losses, the Atoms make the playoffs. Andy becomes a celebrity, but his parents remain unimpressed, saying he only holds the ball for Gus. Before the playoff game, Spinner convinces Andy that Debbie has been injured in a car accident. When Andy arrives at the hospital, Crankcase locks him up. Without Andy, Gus refuses to kick, and the Atoms fall behind. In the final quarter, Debbie dresses up in Andy's uniform and convinces Gus to kick a field goal, scoring the winning points. Andy, who managed to escape, arrives after the game is over. He tells Debbie his father is right: Andy is nothing, and anyone can hold the ball for Gus. With the Atoms headed to the Super Bowl, Spinner and Crankcase steal Gus and replace him with an ordinary mule. Spinner and Crankcase check into a local hotel and lock up Gus with them and Gus breaks the TV and the hotel room door. At the Super Bowl, Andy quickly realizes the mule he has is not Gus, and he and Cooper leave by helicopter to search for Gus. When the two criminals watch the game on TV, Gus goes wild and escapes. In a long comic sequence, Crankcase and Spinner chase Gus into a local supermarket where they unsuccessfully attempt to recapture the mule. Running from the supermarket, Gus is spotted from the air by Andy and Cooper. They airlift Gus to the Super Bowl and arrive by half-time. With Gus back in the game, the Atoms make a comeback. With 45 seconds left on the clock, the Atoms are down 1615 with the ball on their own five-yard line. Gus lines up for a field goal attempt, but slips in the mud and misses the football. In the scramble for the ball, Gus knocks it over to Andy, who runs 95 yards for the touchdown. As Andy and team walk off the field to celebrate their win, Debbie winks at Gus and says, "I know you did that on purpose". Gus winks back at her.
The film begins with 13-year-old Marnie Piper and her mother, Gwen, arguing over why she and her younger siblings 12-year-old Dylan and 7-year-old Sophie can never go out for Halloween, and why Marnie cannot go to a costume party. Her mom offers no clear explanation. Gwen's mother Aggie, who is an expert witch, shows up for her annual Halloween visit. The children are happier to see Aggie than Gwen is, as Aggie openly encourages the children to get more involved in Halloween. Unknown to Marnie, Aggie is intent on training Marnie as a witch. Before heading home, Aggie reads the children a bedtime story called "Halloweentown", a mystical place where witches, vampires and monsters of all sorts live in peace. Sophie points out a drawing of a witch in the book that resembles Marnie; Aggie does nothing to stop Marnie from imagining such a thing. Gwen and Aggie then get into an argument. Gwen insists Marnie will be raised as a normal person and not a witch. Aggie says she disagrees, but actually she is there for another reason: people have suddenly started mysteriously disappearing in her hometown. Gwen thinks they just moved, but Aggie says it is not that simple. Aggie desperately asks for Gwen's help, but Gwen declines. Marnie overhears the argument. When Aggie leaves to return home, Marnie and Dylan follow her. They see Aggie getting onto a magical bus, and sneak onto it through the back door. When they arrive in Halloweentown, Aggie does not see Marnie and Dylan getting off the bus, and the children lose sight of her. At the same time, Marnie and Dylan realize Sophie snuck onto the bus. They begin looking for Aggie, and are approached by Kalabar, the Mayor of Halloweentown. He whistles for a cab which is driven by Benny, a skeleton with a bad sense of humor. The children find their grandmother's home, and against her better judgment, Aggie decides not to take them home immediately. She says she will start Marnie's witch training, but has to take care of "the bad thing" first. She shows her grandchildren what she is talking about: in her cauldron, a vision of a hooded demon appears, laughing maniacally. She says she must activate Merlin's talisman with a spell and potion to defeat the demon. In town, the family is introduced to Luke, a goblin who was made handsome by a shadow demon. He makes a clumsy pass at Marnie, which she turns down on the spot. Gwen arrives in Halloweentown with plans to bring her children home, much to Marnie's objections. Gwen cannot find another bus back to the mortal world and decides to see if the mayor can do anything to help. She is shocked to see that the mayor is Kalabar, an ex-boyfriend of hers. Kalabar briefly leaves to handle another problem, Gwen and her children see Aggie walking somewhere with Luke. Sensing Aggie might be in trouble, they follow Aggie and Luke to an abandoned movie theater. Aggie meets the hooded demon in the theater, where Halloweentown citizens have been frozen in time. Aggie declines to give the talisman to the demon. Gwen and the children enter the theater as Luke rushes out in fear. The demon freezes Gwen and Aggie. The children escape, and obtain the necessary ingredientsthe hair of a werewolf, the sweat of a ghost, and a vampire's fangto make the talisman regain its power. They then realize they must install the talisman in the large jack-o'-lantern in the center of the town. When they arrive to install it, the demon suddenly appears and reveals himself to be Kalabar. He starts talking to the townspeople and tries to persuade them to join him and take over the mortal world. With the help of Luke, Marnie slips past Kalabar long enough to climb up onto the jack-o'-lantern and try to place the talisman inside. Kalabar, noticing her, freezes her. As she is about to pass out, Marnie drops the talisman inside the jack-o'-lantern, which causes it to illuminate. This unfreezes herself and everyone trapped inside the theater, as well as severely weakens Kalabar. Gwen, Aggie, and the children confront Kalabar and use their combined powers to defeat him. The film ends with the family getting on the bus and blasting off to the mortal world.
The story begins with the idea that the Wizard controls all of the fairy tales and maintains the balance of good and evil in Fairy Tale Land. With the help of his assistants the uptight Munk and the decidedly goofy Mambo, the Wizard is checking to make sure that all the fairy tales under his care are "on track" to have their traditional happy endings. As we meet him however, the Wizard is leaving for Scotland for a long-overdue vacation. He leaves the kingdom in the hands of Munk and Mambo. Ella is a girl who is better known as Cinderella. She lives as a servant to her step family, dreams of the Prince who will sweep her off her feet. Her best friend at the palace is Rick, the palace dishwasher. Rick takes it upon himself to deliver the invitations to the royal ball to Ella. Ella sees Rick only as a friend, but Rick secretly loves Ella, although he is too cool and proud to admit it. Rick can't really understand what Ella likes about the Prince. Rick's Three Amigos, the comic chefs in the palace kitchen, believe that Rick has a bad case of "Prince envy". The Prince does everything by the book, and plans to meet his maiden at the ball. However, things don't go as planned at the ball. Thanks to the assistants, Ella's evil stepmother, Frieda gains access to the Wizard's lair during the Prince's ball. She manages to chase off Munk and Mambo and tip the scales of good and evil, causing a series of fairy tales to go wrong and have unhappy endings, including Jack getting stepped on by the Giant yet surviving, Rumpelstiltskin winning his bet with the miller's daughter and taking her baby, and the unseen demise of Little Red Riding Hood. She summons an army of Trolls, witches, three Big Bad Wolves, the Giant, and Rumpelstiltskin to her castle. Ella finds out and escapes to the woods where she meets Munk and Mambo. The trio set out to find the prince who has goes looking for his maiden in hopes that he will defeat Frieda and save the day. Together, they flee to the Seven Dwarfs home. Witches and trolls led by The Ice Queen attack them. The Seven Dwarfs hold off the trolls, while they flee with the help of Rick who had stolen a flying broom. Frieda decides to go after Ella herself. She succeeds in capturing her and returns to the palace, with Rick, Munk and Mambo in pursuit. Frieda tortures Ella because if the story had run its course she would have married the prince while Frieda would never get anywhere in life. Rick, Munk, and Mambo slip into the castle and attack Frieda. During the fight, Frieda generates a pit in the floor. Mambo knocks her in, but she uses her staff to fly back up again. After a short battle, in which Rick takes a blast meant for Ella and falls into a deep sleep, Frieda creates a portal by accident. Ella knocks Frieda back and punches her into the portal. Rick awakes from the spell and he and Ella kiss, finally admitting their feelings for each other. Ella and her true love Rick decide to choose their destinies in a world of happy endings and get married. Rumpelstiltskin has shown throughout the movie that he has come to care for the baby and the miller's daughter lets him stay in the castle as the baby's nanny. The Wizard returns from vacation where he wasn't told about what happened while he was away. In the final scene, Frieda is shown trapped in the Arctic surrounded by elephant seals.
The story begins with the idea that the Wizard controls all of the fairy tales and maintains the balance of good and evil in Fairy Tale Land. With the help of his assistants the uptight Munk and the decidedly goofy Mambo, the Wizard is checking to make sure that all the fairy tales under his care are "on track" to have their traditional happy endings. As we meet him however, the Wizard is leaving for Scotland for a long-overdue vacation. He leaves the kingdom in the hands of Munk and Mambo. Ella is a girl who is better known as Cinderella. She lives as a servant to her step family, dreams of the Prince who will sweep her off her feet. Her best friend at the palace is Rick, the palace dishwasher. Rick takes it upon himself to deliver the invitations to the royal ball to Ella. Ella sees Rick only as a friend, but Rick secretly loves Ella, although he is too cool and proud to admit it. Rick can't really understand what Ella likes about the Prince. Rick's Three Amigos, the comic chefs in the palace kitchen, believe that Rick has a bad case of "Prince envy". The Prince does everything by the book, and plans to meet his maiden at the ball. However, things don't go as planned at the ball. Thanks to the assistants, Ella's evil stepmother, Frieda gains access to the Wizard's lair during the Prince's ball. She manages to chase off Munk and Mambo and tip the scales of good and evil, causing a series of fairy tales to go wrong and have unhappy endings, including Jack getting stepped on by the Giant yet surviving, Rumpelstiltskin winning his bet with the miller's daughter and taking her baby, and the unseen demise of Little Red Riding Hood. She summons an army of Trolls, witches, three Big Bad Wolves, the Giant, and Rumpelstiltskin to her castle. Ella finds out and escapes to the woods where she meets Munk and Mambo. The trio set out to find the prince who has goes looking for his maiden in hopes that he will defeat Frieda and save the day. Together, they flee to the Seven Dwarfs home. Witches and trolls led by The Ice Queen attack them. The Seven Dwarfs hold off the trolls, while they flee with the help of Rick who had stolen a flying broom. Frieda decides to go after Ella herself. She succeeds in capturing her and returns to the palace, with Rick, Munk and Mambo in pursuit. Frieda tortures Ella because if the story had run its course she would have married the prince while Frieda would never get anywhere in life. Rick, Munk, and Mambo slip into the castle and attack Frieda. During the fight, Frieda generates a pit in the floor. Mambo knocks her in, but she uses her staff to fly back up again. After a short battle, in which Rick takes a blast meant for Ella and falls into a deep sleep, Frieda creates a portal by accident. Ella knocks Frieda back and punches her into the portal. Rick awakes from the spell and he and Ella kiss, finally admitting their feelings for each other. Ella and her true love Rick decide to choose their destinies in a world of happy endings and get married. Rumpelstiltskin has shown throughout the movie that he has come to care for the baby and the miller's daughter lets him stay in the castle as the baby's nanny. The Wizard returns from vacation where he wasn't told about what happened while he was away. In the final scene, Frieda is shown trapped in the Arctic surrounded by elephant seals.
Every emperor penguin sings a unique song called a "heartsong" to attract a mate. If the male penguin's heartsong matches the female's song, the two penguins mate. Norma Jean, a female penguin, falls for Memphis, a male penguin and they become mates. They lay an egg, which is left in Memphis' care, while Norma Jean leaves with the other females to fish. While the males struggle through the harsh winter, Memphis briefly drops the egg. As a result, Mumble is unable to sing, but he can tap dance instead. Nevertheless, he is enamored with Gloria, a female penguin who is regarded as the most talented of her age. One day, Mumble encounters a group of hostile skua, with a leader who is tagged with a yellow band, which he says is from an alien abduction. Mumble narrowly escapes the hungry birds by falling into a crevice. Now a young adult, Mumble is frequently ridiculed by the elders. After escaping from a leopard seal attack, Mumble befriends a group of Adelie penguins called "the Amigos", who embrace Mumble's dance moves and assimilate him into their group. After seeing a hidden human excavator in an avalanche, they opt to ask Lovelace, a rockhopper penguin, about its origin. Lovelace has the plastic rings of a six pack entangled around his neck, which he claims have been bestowed upon him by mystic beings. For the emperor penguins, it is mating season and Gloria is the center of attention. Ramn, one of the Amigos, attempts to help Mumble win her affection by singing a Spanish version of "My Way", with Mumble lip syncing, but the plan fails. In desperation, Mumble begins tap dancing in synch with her song. She falls for him and the youthful penguins join in for singing and dancing to "Boogie Wonderland". The elders are appalled by Mumble's conduct, which they see as the reason for their lean fishing season. Memphis begs Mumble to stop dancing, for his own sake, but when Mumble refuses, he is exiled, prompting him to curse revenge on the elders for their blind belief. Mumble and the Amigos return to Lovelace, only to find him being choked by the plastic rings. Lovelace confesses they were snagged on him while swimming off the forbidden shores, beyond the land of the elephant seals. Not long into their journey, they are met by Gloria, who wishes to join with Mumble as his mate. Fearing for her safety, he ridicules Gloria, driving her away. At the forbidden shore, the group finds a fishing boat. Mumble pursues it solo to the brink of exhaustion. He is eventually washed up on the shore of Australia, where he is rescued and kept at Marine World with Magellanic penguins. After a long and secluded confinement in addition to fruitlessly trying to communicate with the humans, he nearly succumbs to madness. When a girl attempts to interact with Mumble by tapping the glass, he starts dancing, which attracts a large crowd. He is released back into the wild, with a tracking device attached to his back. He returns to his colony and challenges the will of the elders. Memphis reconciles with him, just as a research team arrives, proving the claims of the existence of "aliens" to be true. The whole of the colony, even Noah the leader of the elders, engages in dance. The research team returns their expedition footage, prompting a worldwide debate. The governments realize they are overfishing, leading to the banning of all Antarctic fishing. At this, the emperor penguins and the Amigos celebrate.
The film revolves around a ten-year-old boy, Hari Prasad Dhoonda, who has recently moved from India to the United Kingdom. Left home alone with his cousin Tuk Tuk when his parents go on vacation, Hari must deal with two burglars who hope to steal a secret formula Hari's father had created. It is compared to a bad version of Home Alone
The movie centers on two siblings, an 11-year-old boy named Chan-yi and his little sister So-yi. Abandoned by their mother, they are left to survive on their own. For his sister's 6th birthday, Chan-yi decides to give her a dog. He sneaks into a house of an old couple and steals a newly-born puppy, which she's been longing to have. Even though they are poor, they were happy. But everything changed after a tragic accident; So-yi died. Chan-yi blames this on his dog and finds his way to his mother, not realizing that the dog was the only true family that would never leave him.
In Ancient Greece in the land far away, when people read Greek mythology came the time of legend  the greatest son of Zeus  Hercules. Hercules was once destined to be the King of Mycenae as his father Zeus had planned but his jealous stepmother Hera had other plans. Hera not willing a bastard son of Zeus should overshadow her, decided to let another boy, Eurystheus, his cousin born first which deprived Hercules of the right. Hera tried to kill Hercules with two serpents but he strangles them both. As the years go by, Hercules displayed strength like no other boy his age which unknown to many, his father is really Zeus. Eurystheus was then declared king after winning a race. Unable to accept his defeat, Hercules challenged Eurystheus to another round which accidentally takes away the life of his mother Alcmene. Feeling guilty even with all the consolation Megara gives him, he goes to the oracle and consults Apollo who tells him he must perform the "Twelve Labors" for Eurystheus. He refuses at first until the guilt goes so deep that he gives in to the challenge. Hercules is given a series of challenges each one was designed tougher by the other by his stepmother Hera. He was first sent to kill the Nemean lion which he succeeded into turning his coat. He also drove away the Stymphalian birds with the help of Athena's cymbals. Each one was made difficult by the other as his stepmother hopes to see the last of him. A series of labors are shown like the slaying of the Lernaean Hydra, catching the stag of Artemis, the Cathmanian boar, the Cretan bull, cleaning the Augeean stables, getting the girdle of Hippolyte, the man-eating mares of Diomedes and the Cattle of Geryon. When asked to get the Golden Apples of the Hesperides, he does not get permission so he goes to Atlas who gets the apples for him. He carries the world for a while and tricks Atlas into holding the sky again as soon as the apples are retrieved. The last was the most dreadful as he is forced to go down to the Underworld to take Cerberus. He gets Cerberus and takes him back to Eurytheus. The two then reconcile after the labors have ended and he has pacified the wrath of his stepmother Hera who worked to make his life miserable. In the end, he marries Megara.
Henry Bigg learns that his parents have been lost during an archaeological trip to Africa, although the remains of their plane have been found. His housekeeper Mrs. Evans says his Uncle Augustus is his next of kin and therefore his legal guardian. Thus, Henry moves to Augustus' residence, as the uncle neither wants to have a housekeeper nor move to his nephew's house. Meanwhile, Tom and Lucy Little snag an apple that Mrs. Evans had left for Henry. They repay the boy by finding his lucky rabbit's foot and sneaking it in his suitcase. They are carried away to Augustus' house, trapped inside the luggage. Another two of the tiny creatures, Grandpa and Dinky, soon find them. There, the Littles soon learn of Augustus' ill-tempered and mean-spirited ways: He treats Henry more like a slave, and is planning on replacing his nephew's house with a shopping mall. While the creatures try to escape, Henry discovers Grandpa and Dinky, not knowing whoor whatthey are. Augustus also sees them, but mistaking them for toys, grabs them from Henry and locks them in the desk drawer in his study. Here, Dinky and Grandpa discover that Augustus forged the documents in order to become Henry's legal guardian, as well as to steal and redevelop the Biggs' property. To rescue those two, Lucy persuades Tom to talk to Henrya bold move, considering that humans never knew about the creatures until recently. Grandpa and Dinky, whom Henry finds inside the study, both prove the evidence of Augustus' fraud. Before Augustus locks him inside his room, Henry soon creates a diversion allowing Tom and Lucy to save them. Eventually, Lucy and Tom are hungry, and begin to search for food. Tom gets trapped in a jar of honey, and a change of plans ensues: the Littles must rescue Henry before they can save Tom. At first Grandpa resists, but consents since Henry has already met them. After several attempts to escape, the Littles finally flee away aboard their gas-powered toy plane, but cause a garage fire that wakes up Augustus. Henry attempts to go to the police station, but gets lost and is eventually caught by his uncle. The Littles, however, distract Augustus long enough for Henry to run down there. Meanwhile, Augustus orders the demolition crew by phone to start tearing down the Biggs' place. When the Littles get to Henry's house, they split up; Grandpa looks for Mr. and Mrs. Little while the others try to sabotage the bulldozer. Both plans succeed just in the nick of time. The moment Augustus arrives, policemen arrest him. Henry is reunited with Mrs. Evans, and prepares to meet his rediscovered parents at the airport. He casts a knowing wink at the gate, as the Littles watch on.
One summer on the Island of Sodor, Spencer arrives to help the Duke and Duchess with the construction of their new summer house. After being an absolute nuisance to all of the other engines by teasing and bossing them around, Thomas accepts Spencer's challenge to a contest of strength, taking heavy cargo around the island. Thomas's brakes fail after climbing a tall hill, and he runs out of control through an overgrown, abandoned line. There, Thomas finds an old abandoned Japanese engine named Hiro. Hiro doesn't want the Fat Controller to find out, fearing he will be scrapped, so Thomas promises to keep him his secret and work to make Hiro "Master of the Railway" once again. Later, he's taken to the Sodor Steamworks for repairs, where he finds old parts for Hiro. He takes them with permission from Victor, the Steamworks engine, only to discover that Hiro's hiding place is dangerously close to the Duke and Duchess's new summer house. The following day, Thomas tells Percy about Hiro, and asks him to do his own job while he helps Hiro. Percy misplaces his own mail trucks and breaks down while doing Thomas's job, so Thomas brings him to the Steamworks. The Fat Controller finds out about this and scolds Thomas by forcing him to do Percy's work. With nobody else to ask for help, Thomas tells the rest of his friends about Hiro. They all work together in bringing Hiro new parts, distracting Spencer, and keeping the operation a secret from the Fat Controller while Thomas and Percy try to find the missing mail trucks. Hiro makes friends with all of the engines, but gradually grows homesick. On the day that the last necessary part for Hiro is to be delivered, Spencer discovers Percy's mail trucks, only to be cornered by Thomas, James and Toby. The Fat Controller accuses Spencer of stealing the trucks and demands he return them to Percy. While Thomas and Hiro wait for Percy with the last part, they hear Spencer's whistle and run. Spencer finds them and gives chase, but without the last part, Hiro falls apart and is forced to a stop. Spencer is suddenly distracted by Gordon while Thomas moves Hiro to a new hiding place. The Duke and Duchess are furious with Spencer for abandoning his own work, and Thomas asks to assist him, in order to keep his eye on Spencer and to gain the trust of the Fat Controller. Meanwhile, the other engines visit Hiro to keep his spirits up. When Thomas finally decides to tell the Fat Controller about Hiro, Spencer tries to stop him, but he is foiled by a rickety bridge which collapses beneath him. When Thomas explains Hiro's situation to the Fat Controller, he reassures Thomas that he would never have scrapped the "Master of the Railway", and the following day, Thomas and Percy bring him to the Steamworks. There, Victor and his assistant, Kevin the Crane, work together to restore Hiro. Once he's as good as new, Hiro with Rocky rescues Spencer, and they work with Thomas on the summerhouse. Spencer apologizes to the two engines, saying they are "both fine engines and fine friends." Hiro misses his home island, so the Fat Controller arranges for Hiro to return home. A farewell party is held at the docks, and Thomas promises Hiro that Sodor will always be his home too.
Boo-Boo Bear wakes up from winter hibernation, excited about the new Spring. Then Yogi Bear wakes up, his only interest finding some food to eat. Cindy Bear unsuccessfully tries to woo Yogi. After Ranger Smith thwarts Yogi's latest attempts to grab some food, Yogi gets angry and convinces Ranger to transfer him out of Jellystone National Park. Smith prepares Yogi to be sent over to the San Diego Zoo along with an identification tag. Yogi first says goodbye to everything, but tricks another bear named Corn Pone into going to California instead of him and Boo-Boo and Cindy remain unaware of this, thinking Yogi departed for good. Soon, Yogi is stealing food from all over the park under the alter ego "The Brown Phantom", but Smith believes it is another bear. He threatens whoever it is to be sent to the zoo. Cindy, wishing to be with Yogi at the zoo, angers Smith into mistakenly sending her away. However, she gets sent to the St. Louis Zoo instead, as the San Diego Zoo doesn't need any more bears. When she realizes her true destination, she gets very sad, crying since she knows she'd be far from Yogi now. Late that night, Cindy falls out of the train and becomes lost. A traveling circus is looking for a great act to raise their ratings, when suddenly, their dog runs off and scares Cindy into walking on the telephone wires, the perfect opportunity for the circus. Yogi has recently missed Boo-Boo and above all Cindy. Yogi goes to Ranger Smith and hears about her disappearance. Soon, Yogi and Boo-Boo escape from Jellystone to find Cindy. Meanwhile, Ranger Smith decides to let them find their way home to avoid trouble with the commissioner. After an extensive travel, Yogi and Boo-Boo locate Cindy, who is being kept a prisoner for the greedy manager's nest egg. As Yogi confronts the manager, he is made to join the circus, too. Boo-Boo releases Yogi and Cindy and they make their exit. As they make their way home, they crash a barnyard party somehow escaping afloat a river with the barn's door. Then, while Cindy & Yogi dream about a honeymoon in Venice, they find themselves suddenly being chased and hunted by the police, as they somehow became fugitives, but make their escape. They hitch a ride, but find themselves in the middle of a busy city and make a run from the police to the top of a hotel and across to a high rise under construction. The next morning, Ranger Smith sees the three bears on television and decides to pick them up in a helicopter. All the commotions have made a great publicity for Jellystone and Ranger Smith gets promoted to Chief Ranger.
Dr. William MacLure a Scottish doctor, adopts Lassie, who has an unnatural aversion to water. The Dr. tries to cure Lassie of her fears, but she remains water-shy. Young Tammas Milton needs an operation. The doctor wants to use chloroform but the locals in the Glen are against this new idea. The doctor proves its worth by using it to put Lassie to sleep for over twenty minutes. After operating in his own house to save the young man's life, the elderly doctor in payment has extracted a promise from his father, a friend who was the previous owner of Lassie, that he will allow him to send the young man on a four-year medical course in Edinburgh so he can take over from him one day as doctor in the Glen. The young man when recovered is sent away and the increasingly old doctor continues administering to his patients in the area, who begin to fear for his health. One snowy night the doctor is called out and sees a patient. On the way home, he dozes off on his horse and a tree branch knocks him down into the snow. Lassie rushes across a damaged bridge over a flood swollen river to get help and when she returns with two men, the bridge has been washed away. With MacLure's life in danger, the dog is forced to dive into a raging river to get to the other side. After almost being pulled under by a whirlpool twice, Lassie makes the other side on her second attempt and seeing this, the two men wade across the waist deep flooded river. They find MacLure who is still unconscious in the snow and very cold and get him home. He eventually comes to and spends some days in bed but it has been too much for him and he dies. Shortly after his funeral, attended by all in the Glen, the new doctor arrives, having passed his exams, and takes over the practice.
After Pebbles and Bamm-Bamm get married and move to Hollyrock, Fred and Barney are both working overtime for Mr.Slate, and Wilma and Betty now own a food delivery service called 'Bone Appetite', but much to Fred's disgust, Wilma is not there to cook for him, he cooks his own TV dinners as well as Barney's. One day, the Flintstones and the Rubbles go to Hollyrock to visit their children, Pebbles and Bamm-Bamm, after Pebbles reveals that she and Bamm-Bamm are going to have a baby. During the visit, they drive Pebbles and Bamm-Bamm crazy by telling them what to do now that Pebbles is going to have a baby. Meanwhile, Fred and Barney try to help Bamm-Bamm sell his script, but end up in a mess with a robbery of a giant pearl when it is mistaken for a bowling ball. Big Rock sends his henchmen Rocky and Slick to recover the giant pearl. Fred and Barney manage to get the tickets to a taping of a show at ABC studios in hopes to sell Bamm-Bamm's script. Fred and Barney encounter Shelley Millstone in hopes to have her for Bamm-Bamm's film. It doesn't go well and the security guard is called in to eject them. A chase begins throughout the ABC studios and they eventually get thrown out. Meanwhile, Wilma and Betty are designing a nursery when Pebbles reveals that she is attending the premiere of "It Came From the Tar Pits" starring Craig Craigmore. Fred and Barney decide to take the advantage by finding someone to buy the screenplay. Rocky and Slick also slip in to get to Shelley Millstone in an attempt to get the giant pearl. Bamm-Bamm mistakes Slick and Rocky for movie producers. When they find Fred's car, they are attacked by Dino. Back at the party, Fred tries to get to Shelly Millstone, which ends up with Craig Craigmore being injured. The next day, Pebbles has Fred attend a baby training seminar while she does paperwork for her boss, Mr. Pyrite. With Bamm-Bamm exhausted, Barney attends in Bamm-Bamm's place. Slick and Rocky follow Fred to the baby training seminar where Slick and Rocky infiltrate the class. It soon breaks up into a fight which ends up with Fred, Barney, Slick, and Rocky being thrown out. After a call from Rocky, Big Rock gets impatient and decides to take over the operation. Pebbles and Bamm-Bamm declare themselves unready for the baby after they were busy. Fred and Wilma try to get Pebbles to calm down until she breaks down. The next day while Fred apologies to Pebbles about being too helpful, Pebbles attends a baby shower which Wilma's mother Pearl also attends. Pearl sends Fred and Barney to get the baby supplies. At the grocery store, they end up gaining a lot of "Maps to the Stars' Homes" and decide to take another shot at Shelly Millstone. Later that night, Fred and Barney sneak into Shelly's property and distract the guard dogs. Rocky and Slick show Big Rock the house where Fred and Barney are staying and mistake Pearl for Fred when they abduct her. The next morning, Fred confesses to Bamm-Bamm that he lost the script in Shelley Millstone's yard. They soon return a call from Big Rock who demands the giant pearl in exchange for Pearl's freedom. They are forced to give them the pearl for the exchange. They disguise a bowling ball as the pearl when they forget the giant pearl. Pebbles goes into labor and they drive a bus towards the hospital with Big Rock, the real bus driver, and the painter of the bike the bus driver borrowed. There is a high speed chase which attracts the local cops. Fred finally makes it to the hospital and Pebbles is taken into the hospital fast. Big Rock, Rocky, and Slick catch up to them and Bamm-Bamm arrives to take them down as the cops arrest the crooks. Pebbles gives birth to twins, Roxy and Chip. As for Bamm-Bamm's script, Mr. Pyrite manages to get the script to Craig Craigmore. Shelly Millstone arrives and Bamm-Bamm allows her to star in his film. Fred and the others head back to Bedrock, leaving their children and grandchildren in happy harmony.
In Chicago, the McCallister family is preparing for a Christmas vacation in Miami. On the night before their departure, the entire family gathers at Peter and Kate's home, where their youngest son, Kevin, sees Florida as contradictory to Christmas, on his opinion of the lack of Christmas trees in Florida. During the school Christmas pageant, Kevin's older brother Buzz humiliates him during his solo, causing Kevin to retaliate, thereby ruining the performance. While Buzz fakes an apology to Kevin in front of the McCallisters, Kevin refuses to apologize to Buzz and storms to the third floor of the house. Prior to the pageant, Peter has unknowingly caused the alarm clock to reset; consequently, the family once again oversleeps. In the confusion they have to rush to reach the airport on time, Kevin falls behind everyone else, and mistakenly boards a flight bound for New York City while trying to replace the batteries for his Talkboy and carrying Peter's bag containing his wallet and a large amount of money; upon arrival in Miami, Kate realizes that Kevin is missing again. In New York, Kevin tours the city and meets a homeless woman tending to pigeons at Central Park, where he runs off. Kevin goes to the Plaza Hotel, where he tantalizes the staff into checking in with Peter's credit card, knowing the hotel takes Visa. On Christmas Eve, Kevin tours the city in a limousine and visits a toy store where he meets its philanthropic owner, Mr. Duncan. Kevin learns that the proceeds from the store's Christmas sales will be donated to a children's hospital. Kevin donates $20 to the hospital. As a token of appreciation, Mr. Duncan offers Kevin a pair of ceramic turtledoves as a gift, instructing him to give one to another person as a sign of eternal friendship. After running into Harry and Marv, who have recently escaped from prison and are now called "The Sticky Bandits", Kevin retreats to the Plaza Hotel. The hotel's concierge, Mr. Hector, maniacally confronts Kevin about the credit card, which has been reported stolen. Kevin flees after evading Mr. Hector, but is captured by Harry and Marv. The duo discuss plans for breaking into the toy store that night. Kevin manages to escape by pinching a woman in front of him, which results in the woman attacking the duo.  Kevin's family travels to New York after tracking the whereabouts of the stolen credit card, and Kate searches the city for Kevin. Meanwhile, Kevin goes to his uncle Rob's townhouse, only to find the house vacant and undergoing renovations, while Rob and his family are in Paris. At Central Park, he encounters and befriends the pigeon lady. They go to Carnegie Hall, where an orchestra is performing. The pigeon lady explains how her life collapsed and how she dealt with it by taking care of the pigeons in the park. Kevin gives the pigeon lady some advice and promises that he will be her friend. Kevin, after remembering what the bandits said, returns to the townhouse, and rigs it with numerous booby traps. Kevin arrives at the toy store during Harry and Marv's robbery and throws a brick through the window, setting off the store's alarm. Kevin then lures the duo to the townhouse, where he springs the traps and Harry and Marv suffer various injuries. When the duo chase Kevin around the townhouse, he escapes and calls the police. Harry and Marv catch him and take him down to Central Park to kill him, but the pigeon lady sneaks in and throws birdseed on the duo, and the pigeons storm in to incapacitate them. Kevin sets off fireworks he had bought earlier to signal the police. The police arrive and arrest the bandits. At the toy store, Mr. Duncan finds a note from Kevin attached to the brick, explaining about what happened. Kate, still searching for Kevin on foot, remembers his fondness for Christmas trees. After observing Kevin making a wish at the Rockefeller Center Christmas Tree, Kate meets him there, and they reconcile. On Christmas Day, a truckload of gifts arrive at the McCallisters' hotel room from the toy store. Kevin and Buzz reconcile, and Buzz allows him to open up the first present. Kevin goes to Central Park to give the pigeon lady the second turtledove. At the Plaza, Buzz receives the bill for Kevin's stay from Cedric and shows it to Peter. Peter suddenly shouts out, "Kevin, you spent $967 on room service?!" at which point Kevin runs off.
Peter Beaupre, Alice Ribbons, Burton Jernigan, and Earl Unger are four internationally wanted hitmen working for a North Korean terrorist organization who have stolen a $10 million missile-cloaking computer chip. The thieves put it inside a remote control car to sneak it past security at San Francisco International Airport. However, a luggage mix-up occurs, causing a woman named Mrs. Hess to inadvertently take the thieves' bag containing the remote control car while she is returning home to Chicago. The four thieves arrive in Chicago and later systematically search every house in Mrs. Hess' suburban neighborhood to find the chip. Meanwhile, Alex Pruitt is given the remote control car by Mrs. Hess for shoveling snow, but she lectures him for scratching numerous itches. Alex returns home and removes his shirt to discover that he has chickenpox, and therefore, he must stay out of school. While recovering at home, Alex uses his telescope and discovers the thieves on look out for the chip. Alex fails to convince the police twice, so he decides to spy on the thieves by using his toy car and a video camera instead. The thieves discover it and take away the evidence, which results in a chase. Wondering what the thieves want with a remote control car, Alex opens it and discovers the stolen chip, and later informs the local Air Force Recruitment Center about the chip while asking if they can forward the information about the chip to the proper authorities. The thieves finally conclude that Alex has been watching them and decide to pursue him. As a snowstorm hits Chicago, the thieves block off the road to the house and Alice duct tapes Mrs. Hess to a chair in her garage and leaves the door open. By this point, Alex has rigged his house with booby traps and prepares to set them off with his pet rat, Doris, and his brother's loud-mouthed pet parrot. After their numerous break-in attempts are foiled by Alex's traps, the thieves must infiltrate the house and search for Alex. Alex flees to the attic and takes the dumbwaiter down to the basement, then runs outside and calls to Alice, Jernigan and Unger. The thieves see Alex and notice a trampoline below them. Jernigan and Unger jump to pursue Alex, but the trampoline gives way and they fall into a frozen swimming pool. Alice wriggles her way into the dumbwaiter chute, but falls down to the basement. Alex is cornered by Beaupre while trying to rescue Mrs. Hess, but scares him off with a bubble gun resembling a Glock. Meanwhile, the Federal Bureau of Investigation arrives to Alex's siblings' school, after being tipped off by the recruitment center. Alex's family brings the FBI to their house, where the police arrive and arrest Alice, Jernigan, and Unger. However, Beaupre has escaped to the snow fort in the backyard. The parrot drives the remote control car into the snow fort and threatens to light fireworks, which are lined around the inside. Beaupre offers a cracker, but the parrot demands two. Since he only has one, the parrot then lights the fireworks, and flees. Beaupre is discovered and arrested. In the epilogue, the Pruitts hold a celebration for Alex's success while their house is being repaired. Mrs. Hess, who befriends Alex after he saves her from freezing to death in her garage, attends the celebration with the FBI and the police. They are joined by Alex's father, who returns home from his business trip in New York City. The thieves are shown having their mugshot photos taken and have all contracted Alex's chickenpox.
At the McCallisters' house, Peter is about to get divorced from Kate and announces that he's living with his new and rich girlfriend Natalie at her mansion. He tells his three children Buzz, Megan, and Kevin that they are hosting the visit of a royal family and invites everyone to spend Christmas with him and Natalie. After initially refusing, Kevin takes his father up on his offer after being bullied by Buzz. Kevin enjoys his time at Natalie's mansion with his new bedroom, latest gadgets and his life. The next morning, Natalie and Peter go out for a bit while Kevin stays at the mansion with Natalie's butler Mr. Prescott and maid Molly. While Mr. Prescott makes Kevin a milkshake, he goes into the security room and gets caught by Mr. Prescott who gives Kevin another chance. With Natalie and Peter still away, Kevin notices his old nemesis Marv, who is the remaining member of the Wet/Sticky Bandits after ditching his last partner, Harry, along with his new sidekick and wife Vera outside the house. Kevin tries to get Mr. Prescott to answer the intercom, but unfortunately it doesn't work because Marv altered the security system. He then spies on them and drives them away by flooding the house, but Peter and Natalie arrive while Kevin is cleaning up and don't believe Kevin's explanation, especially since Mr. Prescott claims to have seen nothing. Kevin then attempts to use the security camera footage to prove himself, but discovers that the camera had been turned off and is caught by Mr. Prescott, who Kevin now believes to be Marv and Vera's ally. Molly then appears and gets Kevin out of trouble. Peter and Natalie then realize they gave Kevin a hard time and decide to make him feel better, so the three of them decorate the tree. The next morning, Peter and Kevin wake up and realize their tree was re-decorated because of Natalie. Kate, Buzz and Megan then arrive to visit Kevin. Kate meets Natalie in person and Kevin shows the entire house to Buzz and Megan. At a party for the royal family while Peter and Natalie have gone to pick them up, Kevin notices Marv and Vera dressed up as caterers. Mr. Prescott warns Kevin about tonight so he then tricks Mr. Prescott into going into the freezer room and he ends up locked in the freezer room and frozen in ice. Kevin then spies on Marv and Vera in his bedroom and hears them planning about kidnapping the prince. Unfortunately for them, Kevin makes sure that their plan was a failure and has them fall out and break the window. The royal family are unable to attend the party because their flight was cancelled, so Peter and Natalie decide to announce their engagement to the party guests instead. Marv and Vera run back into the house and Kevin hits Marv with a frying pan, flips the table and get soup spilled on Marv and Vera. Then they chase Kevin who continually runs into the guests while trying to escape, accidentally causing a riot and ruins the party. Peter is angered at this event and sends Kevin to his room, still refusing to believe him about the break-in and believes that Kevin is trying to end his relationship with Natalie. Since no one believes him about the heist, Kevin decides to deal with matters himself, and sets booby traps for Marv and Vera. The next morning Peter and Natalie go get the royals and Kevin is left back at the house. Marv and Vera wake up and head to the house. Kevin tricks and locks Mr. Prescott in the basement, but eventually discovers Marv and Vera's real ally is actually Molly, who also turns out to be Marv's mother as well. Kevin gets locked in the basement with Mr. Prescott. After apologizing to Mr. Prescott for misjudging him, Kevin manages to escape through the dumbwaiter. Kevin then traps Marv under the dumbwaiter but Vera gets him out. Then, Kevin unleashes his traps on Marv and Vera. Afterward, Molly appears as Kevin manages to trap her in the elevator, and runs to his bedroom. At the airport, Peter gets worried about Kevin and takes a cab back to Natalie's to check on him. Back in the basement, Mr. Prescott then manages to escape through the dumbwaiter as well to see if Kevin is alright. Just on the road, Kate, Buzz, and Megan are on their way to save Kevin as well. Marv heads to the bedroom and ends up getting caught and stuck under the bookshelf. Kevin then plays a recording of Marv, making it sound like he's insulting Vera, which causes her to yell at him and argue. Marv then gets hit by Kevin's electric aircraft making him fall and rumble down the stairs. Marv and Vera are then tricked by Kevin with a secret wall switch, end up swinging from a chandelier, and they fall and are knocked unconscious. Molly, having escaped, grabs Kevin but Mr. Prescott knocks her out with a serving tray. Then, he and Kevin call the police. As Peter, Kate, Buzz, and Megan arrive, Kevin, with Buzz and Megan's help, chases Marv and Vera out of the house and trips them up. Peter apologizes to Kevin for not believing him. The royal family and Natalie arrive and Natalie is confused when she sees Marv, Vera, and Molly getting arrested. Peter tells Natalie that Kevin saved the day and an FBI agent reveals that Molly, Marv and Vera masterminded the plot to abduct the royals. Peter breaks up with Natalie, Mr. Prescott resigns, the royals spend Christmas with the McCallisters, and it is a good Christmas for everyone except for Natalie, Marv, Vera, and Molly.
Maggie is the only cow left on the Dixon Ranch after Alameda Slim stole all the rest of Mr. Dixon's cattle. Dixon sells Maggie to Pearl, a kind and elderly woman who runs a small farm called Patch of Heaven. The local Sheriff arrives to tell Pearl that her bank is cracking down on debtors. Pearl has three days to pay the bank $750, or her farm will be sold to the highest bidder. Hearing this, Maggie convinces the other cows on the farm to go to town to attempt winning prize money at a fair. While the cows are in town, a bounty hunter named Rico drops a criminal off and collects the reward. Stating he needs a replacement horse to go after Alameda Slim while his own horse rests, he takes Buck. When Maggie find out that the reward for capturing Slim is exactly $750, she convinces the other cows to try to capture him to save Patch of Heaven. That night, they hide among a large herd of steers, when Alameda Slim appears. Before any of them can do anything, Slim begins a yodeling song which sends all the cattle into a trance that causes them to dance madly and follow Slim anywhere. Grace is able to bring Maggie and Mrs. Caloway back to their senses just before Slim closes the path behind him with a rock-slide to stop Rico and his men from chasing him. As Rico discusses with his men what his next move will be, Buck starts talking with Maggie, Grace, and Mrs. Caloway as old friends and miming actions. This causes Rico to believe Buck is frightened by cows, so he sends Buck back to the Sheriff. Buck escapes, determined to capture Slim for himself to prove his worth. Maggie, Grace, and Mrs. Caloway continue their search for Slim, determined to pass Buck and get to Slim first, but they have a fallout when they lose the trail in a downpour. Mrs. Caloway accuses Maggie of wanting to go after Slim only as a personal vendetta, arguing that she and Grace are better off without Maggie. The three spend the night under a large rock, with Maggie deciding to leave the next morning while Grace and Mrs. Caloway decide to return to Patch of Heaven to say their final farewells. The next morning, however, they are awakened by a peg-legged rabbit named Lucky Jack, who has also lost his home, an old mine, to Alameda Slim. Maggie decides to go after Slim with Lucky Jack in tow, but Grace convinces Mrs. Caloway that they help. Lucky Jack leads the three cows to Slim's hideout in Echo Mine. At the mine, Slim reveals that he has been stealing all cattle from his former patrons. When his former patrons can no longer support their land, Slim buys the land when it is auctioned off, under the guise of the respectable-looking Yancy O'Dell, using the very money he gets from selling the cattle he stole. After arriving at Slim's hideout, the cows capture Slim. They run off with Slim's accomplices and buyer in pursuit on a steam train. Rico arrives. When the chase stops, Rico is revealed to work for Slim. Crushed by this, Buck decides to help the cows and fights Rico while setting the other cattle free. Slim dons his Yancy O'Dell costume and leaves the cows stranded in the middle of the desert with the train, while he goes to attend the auction. However, the cows arrive using the train to the farm and expose Slim. Slim is arrested, and Patch of Heaven is saved by the reward money. A few weeks pass, and at the county fair most of the livestock on Patch of Heaven have won prizes. 'Lucky' Jack Rabbit moves in with Jebb the Goat, and two steer and Slim's charming and gentlemanly steed Junior the Buffalo arrive unexpectedly to live at Patch of Heaven, expanding the farm.
The owners of Shadow the Golden Retriever, Sassy the Himalayan cat, and Chance the American Bulldog decide to take a family trip to Canada. At the San Francisco International Airport, the animals escape after Chance panics with mistaking airport workers as the workers at the pound, due to how some of his actions earlier angered Jamie, making Chance believe Jamie was so mad at him he was going to send him back to the pound, and breaks free from his carrier. After eluding airport authorities, the animals find themselves in the city of San Francisco, with home on the other side of the Golden Gate Bridge. During the journey, Chance bumps into a Boxer called Ashcan and his Bullmastiff friend Pete. Annoyed, he refuses to let them past, but Shadow tries to tell them they are just trying to get home. They do not listen and say they are going to eat Sassy. She hides on a window sill and Shadow and Ashcan fight. After a few seconds, Sassy yells to Shadow that they have reinforcements, but it turns out to be, as Pete calls them, "Riley's gang". They help them, saying that the city is not a place for pets. Shadow explains they are lost and Riley points out that Chance is missing, who fled as the gang arrived. Riley calls his friend Delilah, a Kuvasz, to run after him. She finds him in a light alley and explains why she was chasing him. As the other members of the gang are walking down the street, they see, what they call, the "Blood Red Van" and hide. Shadow asks what it is for and Riley explains it takes dogs of the streets to a place called the lab. After it passes, Shadow asks Riley if he can help him and Sassy find a golden bridge, which he remembers passing on the way there. Riley explains that he could not because a bridge means cars, and cars means humans, and he does not trust humans. So they thank him for his help and head off to look for the bridge themselves. Meanwhile, Delilah and Chance are walking in the park. He explains why they are in the city, and when he asks her why Riley does not like humans she explains that he was abandoned as a puppy and decided to make a home for other stray dogs to protect them from all humans. Chance realizes he has fallen in love with Delilah and they head out of the park. Later, while walking down a street, Pete and Ashcan notice Shadow and Sassy walking down it too. They plan to jump at them but miss their chance. Round the corner, Shadow sees a house on fire and remembers it holds that little boy named Tucker and his cat they met earlier before Chance scared him back inside. Realizing they are still in there after hearing Tucker's parents and the SFFD fire chief preparing to send firefighters in to find him, he runs in through the basement window and looks for them. Sassy goes in after him and looks for the kitten. Shadow comes out a few moments later with Tucker right behind him, then Sassy appears with the kitten. Tucker thanks them and they continue on. As they cross the street, Riley and his gang tell them that they did a great job rescuing the boy and kitten and say they can stay with him until they find Chance. As they return to the gang's hideout they see Delilah and Chance already there. Riley tries to explain that they are different, but they will not listen and head outside. The next day, Chance sees a tire and begins to chew on it, but does not notice the "Blood Red Van" driving through the gates. While all the other dogs are inside, Chance is captured and is about to be driven to the lab. While driving off, the van is stopped by the gang, Chance and the other dogs are set free, and Bando reverses it into the river after the dogs scare away the drivers. Delilah then explains to Chance that Riley is right and they could not be together. He gets upset and runs off. By this time, Riley has told Shadow if humans mean that much to him he will take them to the bridge. On their way home, before crossing the bridge, they are ambushed by Ashcan and Pete, but Chance appears and fights them off. They cross the bridge and are found by their owners on a road after Chance is almost run over by a truck. They return home, but Chance is still upset about Delilah, but then he sees her appear from around the corner and they are reunited. Bob agrees she can stay, much to Chance's glee, and they continue with their picnic with Chance hogging the pizza.
In 1982, Scientist and inventor Wayne Szalinski lives in his suburban home attempting to perfect a ray gun capable of shrinking objects, but the ray keeps blowing up the apples he uses as test subjects instead. After an argument between Wayne and his wife Diane, she spent the previous night with her mother and is currently at work, worrying her teenaged daughter Amy, and their son Nick, who has inherited his father's inventive ingenuity and intelligence. The Szalinskis' next door neighbors, the Thompsons, are getting ready for a fishing trip, but Russ' oldest son Little Russ is less than enthusiastic, as he and his father's interests often clash, resulting in him feeling belittled, and he is more interested in meeting Amy than spending the weekend camping. Younger son Ron, however, is enthusiastic, though his relationship with Russ Sr. is strained when he inadvertently sets off a booby trap in the yard. Wayne instructs Amy and Nick to clean the house in preparation for Diane's return home before leaving for his conference. Nick is assigned to do the lawn, but he makes a deal to let his friend Tommy Pervis mow the lawn with the remote-controlled mower, but he has to leave and promises to do it later. Later, Ron accidentally hits his baseball through the Szalinskis' attic window, which inadvertently activates the machine and blocks its targeting laser. Caught by little Russ, he is made to confess to Nick and Amy, and Amy has her brother take Ron to retrieve his ball and pay for the window, the two encounter the machine and are hit by its beam, thus shrinking them. At his conference, Wayne is laughed at for failing to provide proof of his shrink ray and leaves in frustration, while at the house Amy and Russ go to check on their siblings and are shrunk by the ray. When Wayne returns home, they try to get his attention, but their voices are too small and he is unable to hear them. Frustrated by his day and the broken window he discovers, Wayne takes it out on the machine, damaging it and nearly crushing the children with the shrapnel of parts. He then sweeps the debris into a dust pan and takes them out in a trash bag. They escape and enter the uncut yard's wilderness where Nick calculates over 3.2 miles at their size to get back to the house and they start walking. Meanwhile, Diane returns home and she and Wayne make up, but they soon grow concerned about Nick and Amy. While trying to summon their dog Quark, Nick falls into a flower and is picked up by a bee, and Russ jumps on it to help him. The bee flies around the backyard with the two stuck to its hair; as it attacks Wayne, he knocks it out of the air with a baseball bat, causing the bee to crash land. Wayne realizes that a baseball was what caused the window to break in the attic since Nick doesn't play sports. Once in the attic, he finds his shrunken couch and realizes what happened to the kids; afraid to step on the lawn he uses stilts to search for the kids and accidentally activates the sprinklers which causes chaotic torrents to come down on them. Amy is nearly drowned when she is knocked into a pool of mud, but Russ saves her with Mouth-to-mouth resuscitation. Meanwhile, Wayne arranges a sling to hover over the grass and search for the children. Next door, Russ and Mae are forced to call off their trip because their boys haven't returned yet and they call the police to report them missing. Soon, the kids' hunger is saved by one of Nick's oatmeal creme cookies, but their meal is interrupted by an ant scouting it. Ron decides to tame it in order to take them home, but soon they grow attached to "Antie" and try to set him free, but he instead decides to follow Ron like a loyal pet. After calling the police, Diane is told what happened to the kids and she joins in the search after a short panic attack, she convinces Wayne to tell the Thompsons, who are extremely skeptical. Russ angrily threatens Wayne, but leaves his porch light on just in case. The kids find a Lego block to camp for the night, and after a heartfelt conversation about their feelings for each other, Russ and Amy kiss. However, they are interrupted by an arrival of a scorpion which traps Ron in the Lego while the others escape. Antie comes to rescue Ron, but is fatally stung before the kids unite and wound the scorpion, driving it off. Ron is heartbroken when Antie dies, and they bury him. The next morning, Tommy returns to mow the lawn. Nick recognizes this and they run, seeking shelter in an earthworm burrow; Wayne and Diane stop Tommy just in time to save the kids who are blown out of the burrow by the mower's blades, but they despair when they still can't get the Szalinskis' attention. Riding Quark into the house, Nick loses his grip and falls into Wayne's bowl of Cheerios; he is nearly eaten before Quark bites Wayne on the ankle, making him aware of Nick and the other kids' presence. Back in the attic, Nick and the others manage to communicate that the baseball made the machine work and Wayne realizes the laser it blocked was giving it too much heat, causing things to blow up. He corrects the mistake and Russ Sr. volunteers as a test subject, which is almost successful. The kids are then restored to their normal sizes and are reunited with their families. Months later, at Thanksgiving the Thompsons and Szalinskis, now close friends, are toasting over an enlarged turkey. Russ and Amy are apparently dating now while Ron and Nick are friends, while Quark is eating from an enlarged Milk-Bone treat. Nick finally gets a joke that Russ told him about learning CPR in "French" class. He laughs.
Wolf, Granny, and Twitchy are on a rescue mission to save Hansel and Gretel from an evil witch named Verushka. The plan goes wrong however and Granny is kidnapped as well. Meanwhile, Red is in training with a mysterious group called the Sisters of the Hood where she learns that a secret all powerful truffle recipe has been stolen. She is assigned by detective Nicky Flippers with Wolf and Twitchy to find the recipe and save her grandma. While getting info at the Giant's nightclub and interrogating his harp, Red and company learn that an incarcerated Boingo the Bunny has been having specific ingredients sent to Verushka, Red and Wolf argue over who let her get away and the team split up. Meanwhile, Verushka, who stole the truffle recipe, tries to force Granny into making it for her. Granny escapes and finds Hansel and Gretel, but learns that they are actually the masterminds behind the plot. Granny is recaptured and learns that Verushka was an old classmate of hers when they were both in training with the Sisters of the Hood; Verushka was always second best behind Granny's accomplishments and grew jealous of her and teamed up with Hansel and Gretel to get revenge. After some convincing by Twitchy, Wolf decides to go apologize to Red, but is encountered by The Three Pigs and barely manage to escape. They make it back to HQ to find it abandoned and damaged by Verushka's pig henchmen. On their way to the witch's lair, Wolf and Twitchy rescue Red, who was caught after trying to sneak in first. The two make up and infiltrate Hansel and Gretel's base with help from Kirk the Woodsman and his yodeling troupe. Red accidentally reveals the final ingredient for the truffle recipe, macadamia nuts, and the truffles are made. Hansel and Gretel eat the truffles transforming into giants and go on a rampage through the city. They betray Verushka, leaving her to be eaten by a giant spider with the rest and Granny convinces her to join forces with her, Red, Wolf, and Twitchy. They trick Hansel and Gretel into eating more truffles which make them so obese that they can no longer move their arms and legs, before the two are arrested. Nicky recruits the team for another mission and the film ends with Red, Wolf and Twitchy riding off.
On Easter Island, a young rabbit named E.B. is intended to succeed his father as the Easter Bunny. Intimidated by the calling's demands and ignoring his father's orders, E.B. runs away to Hollywood to pursue his dream of becoming a drummer. So his father sends his royal guard the Pink Berets out to find him. Meanwhile, E.B.'s father's second-in-command Carlos the Chick plots a coup d'tat against him to take over Easter. At Van Nuys, E.B. is hit by Fred O'Hare, an out-of-work, job-hopping slacker who was driving to his sister Sam's boss's house he is house-sitting, while his parents forced him to move out. Feigning injury, E.B. persuades Fred to take him in as he recovers, but when E.B. causes trouble, Fred attempts to release him in the wilderness. E.B. persuades to help him by claiming to be the Easter Bunny, whom Fred as a child had witnessed delivering eggs. E.B. sees the Berets closing in on him and hides inside a business where Fred is having a job interview. E.B. enjoys a successful recording session with The Blind Boys of Alabama as their substitute drummer, but ruins Fred's job interview. In the process, E.B. gets a tip about a possible audition for David Hasselhoff, who invites him to perform on his show. Afterward, Fred attends his adoptive younger sister Alex's school Easter pageant with E.B. hiding in a satchel. E.B., alarmed that the Pink Berets have apparently found him due to the three bunny suit shadows on a wall and disgusted by Alex's awful rendition of "Peter Cottontail", he dashes out and disrupts the show. Fred feigns a ventriloquist's act with E.B.'s cooperation as his dummy and they lead the show in singing, "I Want Candy". Both Fred's father, Henry, and Alex, are angry about the upstaging, but Fred is inspired to be the Easter Bunny himself. E.B. is skeptical, but he agrees to train the human and finds that Fred has some genuine talent for it. As the Pink Berets close in on him, E.B. prepares a decoy to fake his death and leaves for Hasselhoff's show. The Berets see the decoy and, horrified that the human has apparently killed E.B., capture Fred and take him to Easter Island. Fred is held captive and confronted by E.B.'s father and Carlos about killing E.B. Carlos pretends to be upset about E.B.'s death, silences Fred and seizes control of the Easter factory. Meanwhile, at the Hoff Knows Talent live show, E.B. is in his dressing room preparing for his performance but his reflection begins to berate him for acting selfish and leaving Fred. Just then a production assistant arrives to tell him that he is next to perform. E.B. leaves his dressing room and begins to feel guilty about leaving Fred so he discusses the situation with Hasselhoff, who advises him to go back and help his friend. E.B. finds evidence of Fred's capture and races back to the factory. He confronts Carlos, but is immobilized in gummy candy and tossed into the chocolate bunny carving line. E.B.s father and Fred are tied up with black licorice and are to be boiled alive; Fred eats through the licorice to allow them to escape, something his fellow captive was unwilling to do because of the poor taste of the candy. E.B. survives by dodging the blades. Carlos, now a chick-bunny combination due to the magic of The Egg of Destiny, battles with E.B. and beats him with an elbow drop easily due to his size and then tries to lead the Egg Sleigh out with his sidekick Phil directing with light up wands, but E.B. improvises a drum session that makes Phil uncontrollably driven to dance to the beat and provides the wrong signals, causing a crash to subdue Carlos. After being defeated, Carlos is made to pull the Egg Sleigh. E.B. then apologizes to his father for his selfishness, and he and Fred are crowned co-Easter Bunnies.
In Central City, Louisiana, orphans Andi and Bruce rip off a pawn shop owner in order to buy food to feed their dog, Friday. However, they are quickly caught and brought to the police station where they get picked up by social worker, Bernie Wilkins who takes them back to their foster parents, Lois and Carl Scudder, who appear not to care for either Andi or Bruce. When the two demand to know where their foster children have been, Bernie covers for them, telling them that it was his fault they were late. Despite his sympathy for the two siblings, he warns them they are playing a dangerous game by deliberately getting into trouble in order to escape Carl and Lois. Their conduct could cause them to be placed in separate foster homes. Friday returns home during the visit and Bruce quickly bustles Bernie out the door, desperate to keep his presence secret. The next morning, Andi and Bruce are horrified to find that Friday snuck downstairs and is dangerously close to being discovered by Lois. After a close call, Andi and Bruce rush Friday upstairs to their bedroom, where Friday promptly goes looking for food again. This time Friday is caught by Animal Control. Desperate and worried, Andi and Bruce go into a local pet shop to ask if anybody has seen him. They meet Dave and Heather, who advise them to check the pound. They learn that Friday is indeed in the Pound but cannot be claimed without their parents present. Andi pays for Friday's return and suggests to Bruce that they find him a new home. They're walking home when they discover a gang of youths breaking into an abandoned hotel. The gang flees when the police arrive. Andi urges Bruce to hide in the hotel rather than be discovered at the scene. They look for Friday, who has already begun to explore the hotel. They find a tiny Boston Terrier and an English Mastiff and name them Georgia and Lenny. Confident the three dogs will get along, Andi and Bruce leave Friday at the hotel for the night. Andi and Bruce return to the hotel the next day. Andi warns her younger brother not to get too attached to the two stray dogs. Bruce stays at the hotel to keep the dogs quiet and creates a machine that allows them to play 'Fetch' whenever they like. Andi heads to the pet shop to get some food for the strays, claiming that her parents rescue dogs. Dave asks her to take in three more dogs-Shep, Romeo and Cooper- that nobody seems to want to adopt. Andi reluctantly agrees. When Dave and Heather arrive at the hotel they immediately agree to help the two siblings out. With six dogs to look after, the friends set about trying to get the hotel in a decent state to accommodate the dogs' needs, which includes building running machines, automatic feeders and a car simulator. A local boy named Mark offers his assistance as more stray dogs move in and occupy the hotel. Back at the Scudder's household, Bernie eagerly tells them of a couple of new foster parents he's found for Andi and Bruce. The catch is that these new foster parents live hours away. The siblings turn the offer down in order to continue looking after the dogs, much to Bernie's bewilderment. While thinking over her decision, Dave invites Andi to a party. She accepts his invitation. Mark, meanwhile, makes various efforts to gain Heather's attention. Bruce is caught stealing a hairdryer from Lois while everyone else is at the party, and is immediately interrogated by his foster parents. The party is ruined for Andi when she bumps into an old acquaintance who accidentally reveals to everyone that Andi is an orphan. Bruce manages to escape his house, only to find the hotel in a state. Lois and Carl follow him and the police are called, the dogs quickly rounded up sent to the Pound. Bruce and Andi are taken away by two police officers. When Lois and Carl refuse to take Andi and Bruce back, Bernie is forced to send them to separate foster homes. The dogs are all scheduled to be put down the next day, but Friday manages to escape captivity. He rushes over to find Dave, Heather and Mark, who in turn find Andi. They all rush to find Bruce. Meanwhile, Bernie explores the hotel and discovers that they left one dog behind, a beagle named Harley. He realizes why the kids loved doing what they did. Andi and Bruce manage to break into the Pound and release the dogs. Bruce entices the horde of dogs to follow Dave's van through the city with sausages in an attempt to get them to a "no-kill" shelter where they will be safe. However, the dogs break from the pursuit and Bruce realizes that they are heading "home." The strange event attracts the attention of the police, who follow the dogs to the hotel where Bernie is waiting. A large crowd gathers outside the hotel. Bernie tells them how Bruce, Andi and everyone else managed to create a family of dogs. He introduces all the dogs who live at the hotel and tells the stories of their past owners. The crowd is deeply touched and won over. The dog catchers are arrested, the pound is shut down and the police who always kept a close eye on the kids allow to keep the dogs together. As people eagerly explore the hotel, Bernie reveals to an overjoyed Andi and Bruce that he and his wife have decided to adopt them. The hotel re-opens as a grand 'Hotel For Dogs', where people can either adopt strays or board their dogs. Although Lois and Carl are invited to provide entertainment for the 'Dog Lounge,' the dogs quickly grow bored with their act, and the two are sent offstage in disgrace. Meanwhile, Andi, Bruce and Friday happily settle into their new family.
When Santa's helper La Befana falls ill and must take off a Christmas Eve, she recruits Scarafoni to help deliver all the toys. No one but the toys knows is that Scarafoni plans to auction off the toys to the highest bidder, which means the toys won't make it to the children who have been good all year and deserve them. The toys decide to deliver themselves starting with a wind-up teddy bear going to the little boy's bed, and the story follows them as they struggle to avoid the heartless Scarafoni and to find their true homes. Meanwhile, a young boy named Francesco tries to find his true Christmas present - one special friend. In the end, the toys deliver themselves, but Scarafoni still has the money. However, everyone rushes to the toy shop and find Scarafoni with the money and manage to get it back from him, as Scarafoni is sent to prison. Francesco gets his true friend - a new puppy whose name is Jingles.
A young, naive boy named Billy Forrester has a weak stomach and vomits easily. He and his parents, Mitch, Helen, and his little brother, Woody, have just moved to a new town. Billy tells his mother that he doesn't want to go to school because he will be "the new kid". She assures him that he will make friends and everything will be okay. At school, however, he becomes the target of the school bully, Joe Guire, his two "toaders" named Plug and Bradley, and the rest of his gang: Benjy, Techno-Mouth, Twitch, and Donny. They rudely stare at him and call him "Billy F.". Plug and Bradley steal his lunch box. He sits behind Erika Tansy, an unusually tall girl whom people make fun of. At lunch, Billy opens his thermos and pours out a pile of live earthworms. Sickened, he almost vomits before regaining strength. Then, confident, he throws one on Joe's face. A nerd named Adam Simms was sure that Joe was going to smash Billy with his ring, which is rumored that whoever Joe punches it with dies in the eighth grade. The next day after school, Joe, Plug, and Benjy catch up with Billy as he heads home. Joe proposes a bet: Billy must eat ten worms in one day without throwing up, and the loser has to come to school with worms in his pants and walk down the hall past everybody. Billy knows that he cannot back out of the bet, so he accepts. The next day, Billy is teamed up with Adam Simms. After eating the first worm, "Le Big Porker," the gang gets caught by a park security guard for using a grill in the park without adult supervision but outruns him. Billy becomes more confident with each worm that he swallows. While cooking the second/third worm, "The Greasy Brown Toad Bloater Special," at Adam's uncle's restaurant, they get kicked out for having the worms in the restaurant. After Billy eats the fourth one, "The Burning Fireball," and burns his mouth, Twitch and Techno-Mouth quit Joe's team and become his new best friends. At the playground, Billy eats the next two worms, "Barfmallo," and "Peanut Butter And Worm Jam Sandwich." After dinner, the boys go to a bait shop to eat their next two worms, "The Green Slusher" and "Radioactive Slime Delight." The owner of the bait shop tries to chase them for shoplifting the two worms. After Joe cheats in an attempt to keep Billy from eating the last worm, "Worm A La Mud," in time, all of his gang joins Billy's team. Billy eats the final worm before the deadline. Nigel Guire, Joe's brother, who has been watching, tries to bully and humiliate him for losing. Billy and the rest of the gang stand up for him, telling Nigel to leave him alone, and he leaves. After thinking it over that night, Billy returns to school. He explains to Joe that the second worm was eaten by Burdock after it was accidentally put in his omelet at the Brown Toad. Since they both lost the bet, they both put worms in their pants and the other kids watch them. They are then interrupted by Burdock, who nearly catches them when a worm falls out of Billy's pants, which Joe covers up. After Burdock returns to his office, the kids all run outside and celebrate as Billy and Joe both take the worms out of their pants and throw them into the air.
Ten-year-old Ji-so lives in a van with her mother Jeong-hyeon and younger brother Ji-seok. Her father disappeared after their pizza business went bankrupt. When she sees a missing dog poster with a five-hundred-dollar reward, Ji-so naively believes that that amount of money would be enough to buy her family a house. So she hatches a plan with her friend Chae-rang to find a dog with a rich owner, steal it, then return the dog by pretending to have found it and get the reward. Their target is Wolly, the dog of an old rich lady who owns the restaurant where Ji-so's mom works. While undertaking their "perfect" plan, they befriend Dae-po, a homeless man living in the abandoned building where they've stashed the dog. But someone else is after Wolly: Soo-young, the old lady's nephew, who'll stop at nothing to gain his aunt's inheritance. In the end, Ji-so and her family gets a house and Soo-young becomes homeless.
Sophie, a young milliner, encounters a wizard named Howl on her way to visit her sister Lettie. Upon returning home, she meets the Witch of the Waste, who transforms her into a ninety-year-old woman. Seeking to break the curse, Sophie leaves home and sets off through the countryside; she meets a living scarecrow, whom she decides to call 'Turnip Head'. He leads her to Howl's moving castle, where she meets Howl's young apprentice Markl, and the fire-demon Calcifer, who is the source of the castle's magic. When Howl appears, Sophie announces that she has hired herself as a cleaning lady. Meanwhile, Sophie's nation is caught up in a war with a neighboring kingdom, who is searching for their missing prince. The King summons Howl to fight in the war; however, Howl decides to send Sophie to the King to tell him that Howl is too much of a coward to fight. Before leaving, he gives Sophie a charmed ring that connects her to Calcifer. Sophie meets Suliman, the king's advisor, and also the Witch of the Waste, whom Suliman punishes by draining all of her power, causing her to regress into a harmless old woman. Suliman warns that Howl will meet the same fate if he does not fight. Howl arrives to rescue Sophie; Suliman tries to trap him, but with Sophie's help, they escape along with the former witch. Sophie learns that Howl's life is somehow bound to Calcifer's, and that Howl has been transforming into a bird-like creature in order to interfere with both sides in the war, but each transformation makes it more difficult for him to return to human form. Howl then has the castle magically-linked to Sophie's home, parking the castle itself on the town's outskirts. A few days later, the town is bombed by enemy aircraft and Suliman's henchmen attack the abode. Howl heads out to protect the group; Sophie then moves everyone out of the abode and removes Calcifer from the fireplace, which collapses the castle. The witch realizes that Calcifer has Howl's heart, and grabs the fire demon; Sophie panics and pours water onto the witch, which douses Calcifer. The castle then splits in two; Sophie falls down a chasm and is separated from the group. Following the charmed ring, Sophie wanders into a scene from the past: she sees a young Howl catch a falling star  Calcifer  and give him his heart. Sophie calls for them to find her in the future as she is teleported away. She returns to the present and finds Howl, and they reunite with the others. The witch returns Howl's heart, and Sophie places it back inside Howl, reviving him and freeing Calcifer, though he decides to stay. Sophie's curse is broken, and after she kisses Turnip Head on the cheek he reverts back to human form  revealed to be the missing prince from the enemy kingdom, who promptly heads for home. Suliman, watching through a crystal globe, decides to end the war. As the bombers are seen flying away, Howl and the others are seen high in the air in a new flying castle.
Ellie and Manny, the two woolly mammoths, are expecting their first child, and Manny is obsessed with making life perfect and safe for the family, since his first experiences as a husband and father went bad when his family were killed by hunters. At the same time, Diego the saber-toothed cat finds himself unable to catch a cocky gazelle he has been stalking and decides to leave The Herd, believing that he is losing his predatory nature as a tiger. Sid the ground sloth begins to wish for a family of his own and "adopts" three apparently abandoned eggs that he finds in an icy underground cavern and calls them Egbert, Shelly, and Yoko. Manny tells him to put them back, but Sid instead looks after the eggs, which hatch into baby Tyrannosaurus Rex the next morning. Although Sid tries his best to raise the three dinosaurs, their rambunctious behavior scares away all the other animals' young and ruins a playground Manny built for his child. Not long after, a female Tyrannosaurus Rex, Momma, whose eggs Sid stole, soon returns and carries both Sid and her young underground, with Diego in pursuit. Manny, Ellie, Crash and Eddie the opossums follow as well and discover that the icy cavern leads to a vast subterranean jungle populated by dinosaurs thought to be extinct. Here, an angry Ankylosaurus threatens The Herd despite Diego's efforts to fend it off; they are saved from a further crowd of angry reptiles by a deranged one-eyed weasel named Buck. Buck has been living in this jungle for quite some time and is fighting Rudy, a huge albino Baryonyx, intending to avenge the eye he lost to it when he was young with a knife he carved from one of Rudy's teeth. He agrees to lead The Herd through the jungle's perils to Lava Falls, where Momma has taken Sid and her babies. In the meantime, Sid and Momma try to outdo each other in feeding the offspring; he loses this contest, but is soon welcomed into the family regardless. The next day, however, Sid is separated from the family and attacked by Rudy. Sid is knocked onto a loose rock slab that is floating on a river of lava and about to plummet over the falls. As The Herd moves toward Lava Falls, Ellie goes into labor and a Guanlong pack strikes, causing a rock slide that separates her from Manny and Diego. Manny doubles back to protect her and Diego fends off further attacks, while Buck takes Crash and Eddie ahead to rescue Sid. Just as he goes over the falls, the trio swoops in on a commandeered Harpactognathus only to be chased by a flock of Pterodactylus on the way and saves his life. Manny reaches Ellie just in time to hear the cry of a newborn baby girl. He wants to name her Ellie, or Little Ellie, but Ellie instead names her Peaches after the fruit. Sid is saddened at the fact that he never had a chance to say goodbye to "his" children as he returns to The Herd and learns of Peaches' birth. Before they can leave the jungle, they are ambushed by Rudy, who begins to attack them at full force; working together Manny, Sid, Diego, and Buck manage to trap Rudy by ensnaring him in vines. However, he quickly breaks free and resumes his onslaught. The Herd is saved by the timely arrival of Momma, who charges at Rudy and knocks him off a cliff. As she and her children wish Sid well, Buck, now without a purpose in life since Rudy is gone, decides to join The Herd and live on the surface. However, a distant roar tells him that Rudy is still alive; he changes his mind and sends The Herd home, blocking off the path to the underground jungle at the same time. Manny and Ellie welcome Peaches into their frozen world and admit that Sid did a good job looking after Momma's children. Diego decides to remain with The Herd, while Buck stays underground, happily battling it out with Rudy.
King Calvin and Queen Penelope have their eggs laid and as their daughters hatch, the parents name them Crystal and Lucinda. As the sisters grow, despite their differences, they compromise and head to the North Pole to find Santa Claus in order to save Christmas which Crystal believes in earlier and all along. After saving the seal in the middle of their quest, both sisters meet the pirates; Capn' Cragg a walrus, Bugkus Bill a stork and a pelican.
The old Santa Claus has seven days to find the new Santa Claus and pass the torch to him. The only problem is the new Santa Claus is a curmudgeon who lost his wife and his will to live. He works as a reporter for The Chicago Sun Times, which is a throwback to Yes, Virginia, there is a Santa Claus, and has to rediscover the joy of Christmas. At the last minute, he realizes what is important and becomes the new Santa Claus.
The film opens with Mortimer "Mo" Folchart and his wife Teresa "Resa" Folchart reading the fairy tale "Little Red Riding Hood" to their baby daughter Meggie, as a red velvet hood appears out of nowhere. Twelve years later, Meggie and her father visit an old book shop in Europe, unaware that Mo is secretly looking for a copy of the book Inkheart. He succeeds in finding it. Shortly thereafter, Meggie encounters a marten with horns outside the shop, who tries to bite her fingers. A man suddenly appears from the shadows, claiming to be an old friend. Mo comes out of the shop, recognizing the man as Dustfinger, who quickly asks him to read him back into the book. Mo flees with Meggie. Mo takes Meggie to visit her great-aunt Elinor in Italy. There he tells Meggie that nine years ago, reading to her from Inkheart, he inadvertently freed Dustfinger, a fire dancer, due to a gift he possessed from birth. Unfortunately, the book's villain, Capricorn, and one of his henchmen, Basta, was also freed. Fleeing with his infant daughter, Mo lost Resa. Dustfinger and Capricorn's minion, Basta, arrive. Basta captures the group and takes Inkheart, destroying Elinor's library. They are taken to Capricorn's new castle in the real world. During their imprisonment, Mo explains his gift to Meggie and Elinor, stating that when he reads a person or an object out of a book, someone from the real world is sent into it, hence his wife's disappearance. Capricorn forces Mo to use his gift, acquiring treasure from one of the stories in The Arabian Nights, and imprisoning Farid, one of the 40 Thieves. Dustfinger, who was promised a return into the book, is betrayed by Capricorn. Nevertheless, the group escapes using the tornado from The Wizard of Oz. Meggie proposes to search for the author of Inkheart, Fenoglio, as he may have another copy. Elinor leaves to recover what is left of her library as the others head for the author's town, Alassio. Dustfinger is initially afraid of learning his fate in the book, but later joins them. When they meet Fenoglio, the author's ecstatic mood upon seeing his creation alive makes Dustfinger realize he dies at the end, trying to save his marten, Gwin. Angry, he berates Fenoglio before eventually telling Mo that Resa is trapped in the castle and has lost her voice. Mo and Dustfinger take Fenoglio's car; Farid stows away in the trunk. At Fenoglio's house, Meggie begins reading a number of books out loud, bringing Toto from The Wizard of Oz. Basta bursts in with his men. Noticing Toto, he takes them to Capricorn. Elinor, who had decided not to take the train home, realizes something was amiss and pursues them. At the castle, Capricorn reveals he plans to bring the Shadow, the monster of Inkheart. He threatens to harm Meggie's mother if she does not comply. Mo sneaks into the castle. Dustfinger is captured, but escapes after Meggie informs him of Capricorn's intentions. Mo attempts to free Meggie and others, as Capricorn forces her to bring the Shadow. Dustfinger returns to the castle with Farid, setting it alight. The distraction allows Fenoglio to give Toto a rewrite he made to help Meggie stop Capricorn's plan. As Elinor arrives with the creatures Capricorn imprisoned, Meggie writes out the story on her arm. As she reads out her creation, Capricorn turns into dust, his henchmen and the Shadow vanish, and all the read-out creatures back are returned where they belong, including Toto. In addition, she grants Fenoglio's wish to live in the world he created, while reuniting her and Mo with her mother and restoring her voice. In the end, Dustfinger is also safely read back into Inkheart, where he is reunited with his wife Roxanne. In the real world, Farid reveals he kept Gwin with him, thus allowing Dustfinger to avoid his fate and have control over his destiny. As Mo and his family leave with Farid, Meggie agrees to teach him how to read while Farid agrees to teach her how to use the dragon breath, the fire breathing ability of Dustfinger's which Farid learnt.
After her parents are killed in a car crash, teenage Sarah Velvet Brown is forced to leave her home in Cave Creek, Arizona, to go to England to live with her aunt Velvet Brown and Velvet's boyfriend John. After the events of "National Velvet" Donald got married, had Sarah, and moved from England to Arizona. When Velvet was a similar age to Sarah, she and her horse, The Pie, entered the legendary Grand National horse race and crossed the finish line first; however, Velvet and The Pie were instantly disqualified because Velvet fainted and fell off her mount prior to reaching the paddock. The Pie is ultimately put out to stud upon his retirement. He sires his last foal after Sarah's arrival in England. Sarah and Velvet are present for the birth of this foal and Sarah eventually decides that she'd like to purchase him. She later finds out that Velvet has bought him for her. Sarah aptly names him Arizona Pie. She shows enough talent to be selected for the British Olympic team, where she is the junior, but she does well under the stern guidance of Captain Johnson. Sarah lives up to her dream and enters the Olympic Three Day Event helping Great Britain win the team competition. She falls in love with an American competitor named Scott Saunders and moves back to America with him. At the conclusion of the film Sarah is engaged to Scott and she gives her Olympic gold medal to Velvet. Sarah eventually returns to England and introduces Scott to Velvet and John.
In 1835, a ship crewed by Russian fur hunters and Aleuts come an island off the coast of Southern California to hunt sea otters. They make a deal with the native tribe living in the village of Ghalas-at for permission to hunt on their lands, but later try to leave without paying. The hunters are then confronted by the village chief and respond with violence. In the ensuing skirmish most of the natives are slain, forcing the survivors to flee the island. Young Karana, realizing that her 6-year-old brother, Ramo, has been left behind, returns to the island. Karana and Ramo are left alone, menaced by a pack of wild dogs. The most ferocious of the dogs kills Ramo, and Karana teaches herself archery and hunts the dog. She puts an arrow in its chest but then takes pity on the animal and nurses it back to health. She and the dog, whom she names Rontu, become fast friends. When another group of hunters come to the island, Karana hides, and although Tutok, a girl in the group, finds her and tries to befriend her, Karana refuses to trust anyone. Years pass, and Rontu dies of age. Karana finds a wild dog, that looks like the son of Rontu, and names him Rontu-Aru which means, son of Rontu. Later, a boat carrying a missionary arrives, and this time Karana decides to trust the strangers. Taking her animals, Rontu-Aru, an otter, and some wild birds she has taught to never leave her, she leaves the island.
Jack resides with his mother in a small house out in the country. Being very poor, they eventually find themselves forced to sell their cow, which has stopped giving milk. Jack runs into a mysterious man on the way into town and trades the cow for a handful of "magic" beans. Jack's mother becomes angry at him and spanks him with a broom before throwing the beans out the window. As Jack sleeps, the beanstalk grows, much to the astonishment of Jack's dog, Crosby. Crosby is even more surprised to see a mouse in a dress descending the beanstalk. Jack awakens and is also amazed at the sight of the beanstalk. The mouse convinces Jack and Crosby to accompany her up the beanstalk. Upon arriving at the top, the trio find themselves in the courtyard of a castle, where they find a girl who appears to be in a trance looking at them. The girl, Margaret, is the princess of the castle. Her mother and father have disappeared, but she claims to be happy since she will soon be marrying her beloved prince, Tulip, who is actually a giant. Margaret introduces Jack to Tulip's mother, Madame Hecuba, who herself is actually an evil witch that has put the princess under a spell. The witch aspires to become queen of the Land of the Clouds when Tulip and Margaret are married. Madame Hecuba takes Jack to an upstairs dining hall, where she feeds him some soup intended to put him to sleep. She has to hide him quickly when Tulip, who is not very bright, arrives upstairs. As he is eating, Tulip smells Jack's presence. Jack manages to escape, much to the chagrin of Hecuba, who orders Tulip to find him and promises to share Jack with him. In the meantime, Jack meets more clothed mice as well as a talking harp. The harp initially starts calling for the giant, but is quick to cooperate when the mice and Jack persuade her that it would be in her best interest. She reveals that Madame Hecuba got rid of the king and queen and turned the people of the castle into mice. Tulip comes into the treasure room and Jack witnesses a golden hen lay a golden egg. The harp also reveals that the witch's spell must be renewed daily. Jack decides to grab the hen and as much treasure as he can carry and make his way back down the beanstalk. In the process, he tricks Tulip into thinking he fell to his doom. Jack and his mother celebrate their new-found fortune until Crosby persuades Jack that he should stop the princess from marrying the giant. With fresh determination to help the princess, Jack ascends the beanstalk a second time. He learns from the harp that the spell over the princess can be broken with a kiss from someone who is truly brave. Jack crashes the mock wedding and gives Margaret a kiss. The witch and the giant are both angered when Margaret returns to normal and recognizes them for who they are. A chase ensues, and Jack eventually faces Madame Hecuba again. Tulip enters the room and prepares to step on Jack when, at the last moment, he turns on his mother and steps on her instead. With the witch destroyed, the mice turn back into people and the castle starts to return to normal. The giant is still around, however, and chases Jack and Crosby. The two eventually climb down the beanstalk with Tulip in hot pursuit, and cut the beanstalk down upon reaching the bottom, calling Tulip to fall to his death. Jack and Crosby look up to the clouds, thinking about Margaret.
James Henry Trotter is a young boy who lives with his parents by the sea in England. On James' birthday, they plan to go to New York City and visit the Empire State Building, the tallest building in the world. However, his parents are killed by a ghostly rhinoceros from the sky and James finds himself living with his two ignorant and cruel aunts, Spiker and Sponge. He is forced to work all day and they antagonize him by threatening him with beatings to keep him in line and torment him about the mysterious rhino and other hazards if he ever attempts to escape. After rescuing a spider from being squashed by his aunts, James meets a mysterious man with a bag of magic green "crocodile tongues", which he gives to James to make his life better. The man instructs him not to lose the "tongues" and disappears. When James is returning to the house, he trips and the "tongues" escape into the ground. This transforms a peach on a withered old tree into enormous proportions. Spiker and Sponge sell tickets to view the giant peach. James crawls inside a large hole he inadvertently creates in the peach, and he finds and befriends a group of life-size anthropomorphic bugs. As they hear the aunts search for James, Mr. Centipede cuts the stem connecting the giant peach to the tree and the peach rolls away to the Atlantic Ocean. Remembering his dream to visit New York City, James and the insects decide to go there with Mr. Centipede steering the peach. They use Miss Spider's silk to capture and tie a hundred seagulls to the peach stem, while battling against a giant robotic shark. Miss Spider reveals to James that she was the spider he saved from Spiker and Sponge. The next day, James and his friends find themselves in The Arctic; the Centipede has fallen asleep while keeping watch. After hearing Mr. Grasshopper wishing they had a compass, Mr. Centipede jumps off the peach into the icy water below and searches a sunken ship for a compass but is taken prisoner by skeletal pirates. James and Miss Spider rescue him and the journey continues. As they reach New York City, a storm appears, along with the ghostly rhino. James is frightened but challenges the rhino and gets his friends to safety before the rhino strikes the peach with lightning; James and the peach fall to the city below, landing on top of the Empire State Building. After he is rescued by police officers, firefighters, and the largest crane in New York City, Spiker and Sponge arrive and attempt to claim James and the peach. James reveals Spiker and Sponge's abusive behavior towards him to the crowd, who gasp in shock at the revelation. Spiker and Sponge become enraged by James' betrayal and attempt to kill him. The bugs arrive and tie up Spiker and Sponge with Miss Spider's silk and both aunts are arrested. James introduces his friends to the New Yorkers and allows the children to eat up the peach. The peach pit is made into a house in Central Park, where James lives happily with the bugs, who form his new family and also take important jobs in the city. James celebrates his ninth birthday with his new family and friends.
Pelias, misinterpreting the prophecy given to him by the god Zeus, usurps the throne of Thessaly, killing King Aristo and most of his family. The god Hermes, disguised as Pelias' soothsayer, holds back his army long enough for the infant Jason to be spirited away by one of Aristo's soldiers. Pelias slays one of the king's daughters, Briseis, as she seeks sanctuary in the temple of the goddess Hera. Because the murder has profaned her temple, the angry Hera becomes Jason's protector. She warns Pelias to beware "of a man wearing one sandal". Twenty years later, Jason saves Pelias from drowning, but loses his sandal in the river; Pelias recognizes him from the prophecy. Learning that Jason intends to find the legendary Golden Fleece, he encourages him, hoping Jason will be killed in the attempt. Jason is brought to Mount Olympus to speak with Zeus and Hera. Hera tells him Zeus has decreed he can only call upon her for aid five times. She directs him to search for the Fleece in the land of Colchis. Zeus offers his direct aid, but Jason declares he can organize the voyage, build a ship, and collect a crew of the bravest men in all Greece. Men from all over Greece compete for the honor. Because their ship is named the Argo after her builder, Argus, the crew are dubbed the Argonauts. Among them are Hercules, Hylas, and Acastus, the son of Pelias, sent by his father to sabotage the voyage. Hera guides Jason to the Isle of Bronze, but warns him to take nothing but provisions. However, Hercules steals a brooch pin the size of a javelin from a treasure building, surmounted by a giant statue of Talos, which comes to life and attacks the Argonauts. Jason again turns to Hera, who tells him to open a large plug on Talos' heel, to release the giant's bronze fluid, ichor. Talos falls to the ground, crushing Hylas, hiding his body. Hercules refuses to leave until he ascertains the fate of his friend. The other Argonauts refuse to abandon Hercules, so Jason calls upon Hera again. She informs them that Hylas is dead and that Hercules will not continue on with them.  The Argonauts next reach the realm of King Phineus, who has been blinded and is tormented by harpies for his transgressions against the gods. In return for his advice on how to reach Colchis, the Argonauts render the harpies harmless by caging them, whereupon Phineus tells them to sail between the Clashing Rocks, which destroy any ship in the narrow channel, and gives Jason an amulet. Arriving at the Clashing Rocks, the Argonauts witness another ship suffering that fate. When the Argo tries to row through, the ship appears doomed. Jason throws Phineus' amulet into the water, and the sea god Triton rises up and holds the rocks apart so the Argo can pass them. The Argonauts rescue a survivor from the other ship, Medea, high priestess of Colchis. Challenging Jason's authority, Acastus engages him in a duel. Disarmed, Acastus jumps into the sea and disappears. Jason and his men land in Colchis and accept an invitation from King Aetes to a feast. Unknown to them, Acastus has survived and warned Aetes of Jason's quest for their prized Golden Fleece. Aetes has the unwary Argonauts imprisoned, but Medea, having fallen in love with Jason, helps him and his men escape. Meanwhile, Acastus tries to steal the Fleece, but is killed by its guardian, the Hydra. Following right behind Acastus, Jason is able to kill the beast and retrieve the gift of the gods. Aetes, in pursuit, sows the Hydra's teeth while praying to the goddess Hecate, producing a band of skeletal warriors. Jason, together with Phalerus and Castor, hold off the skeletons while Medea and Argus escape back to the Argo with the Fleece. After a prolonged battle in which his companions are killed, Jason escapes by jumping into the sea, and he, Medea, and the surviving Argonauts begin their voyage home to Thessaly. In Olympus, Zeus tells Hera that in due time he will call upon Jason again.
John and Julie are two children from Dorset who are eager to see the Coronation of Queen Elizabeth II in spite of the fact that their respective parents have no intention of going. When the two are left alone they decide to run off to London to see John's 'Uncle Ben' "because he knows the queen". Along their way, they encounter different quirky and eccentric people who help them achieve their goal and see the Queen's procession.
The movie tells the story of a feisty third-grader, Judy Moody, who sets out to have the most thrilling summer of her life. However, her parents are going to California to help Judy's grandparents. Judy and her brother Stink have to stay with their Aunt Opal. Judy decides to organize a contest with her friends to see who can have the most exciting summer. To win the contest, you must have a certain amount of "thrill points". At the start of her summer, it starts to go badly. All of her friends leave and go to someplace on a summer vacation, except for Frank. Amy was going to Borneo and Rocky was going to Circus Camp. Her friends keep sending her pictures of their summer, so she tries to top them, so she can earn more thrill points than them. But Frank was ruining all her plans because he knocked Judy off a tight rope, puked all over her on a roller coaster, and left the theater in the middle of a scary movie. All of her ideas go wrong, so she decides to stay in her room for the rest of the summer, until she hears the newscast in front of her house. She looks out of the window and discovers that Stink is going to be on the news, because of his search for Bigfoot. She runs outside and tries to jump into the camera, but unfortunately, the camera crew stops the cameras from filming her. Judy tries to pair up with her brother Stink in the search for Bigfoot. One day while they were out, they see Bigfoot walking the streets. They try to chase him, but he jumps inside of an ice cream van. They end up seeing two of the members from Zeke's Bigfoot search club, and get into the van with them. They continue to chase after Bigfoot, until the newscast van hurries and jump in front of them. Judy and the others drive around them, and end up finding them in the Fun Zone, an old amusement park. Bigfoot and the ice cream van driver get out of the van. They find out that Bigfoot really is Zeke in disguise, and that he was helping Mr. Todd sell ice cream. As a prize for finding Mr. Todd, Judy gets two front row seat tickets for the circus. Judy ends up participating in a circus act. As she gets sawed in half, the scene goes to her in her backyard in front of her family getting sawed in half. Her Aunt Opal is about to leave, but before she leaves, her and Judy goes to put the hats on the lions and she gets more thrill points. She got the most thrill points, she says, from meeting her Aunt Opal. Aunt Opal says to Judy that next year, she's planning on wrapping the whole Eiffel Tower with 10,000 scarves and wants Judy to help her. The movie ends with them getting money for Stink's Bigfoot statue getting touched by the neighborhood.
In an Indian village, Buldeo, an elderly storyteller, is paid by a visiting British memsahib to tell a story of his youth. He speaks of the animals of the jungle and of the ever-present threats to human life posed by the jungle itself. He then recalls his earlier life: As a younger man he dreams that his village could one day become an important town and that the jungle could be conquered. However, when he is speaking about these dreams, an attack by Shere Khan, the tiger, leads to the death of a man and the loss of the man's child. The child is adopted by wolves in the jungle and grows to be the wild youth Mowgli. Years later, Mowgli is captured by the villagers and taken in by his mother Messua, though she does not recognize him as her lost child. He learns to speak and tries to imitate the ways of men, as well as becomes friendly with Buldeo's daughter, Mahala  much to Buldeo's distress, since he is convinced that the wild Mowgli is dangerous. When Mowgli and Mahala explore the jungle, they discover a hidden chamber in a ruined palace, containing fabulous wealth. Warned by an aged cobra that the wealth brings death, they leave, but Mahala takes one coin as a memento. When Buldeo sees the coin, he tries to force Mowgli to tell him where the treasure is, but Mowgli refuses. Buldeo resolves to follow Mowgli to the site of the treasure. Later Mowgli fights and kills Shere Khan, with some last minute help from Kaa, the python. As he is skinning the body, Buldeo arrives. He threatens Mowgli with a gun, but is attacked by Mowgli's friend Bagheera, the black panther. Buldeo becomes convinced that Bagheera is Mowgli himself, shape-shifted into panther form. He tells the villagers that Mowgli is a witch, as is his mother. Mowgli is chained up and threatened with death, but escapes with his mother's help. However, she and another villager who tries to defend her are tied up and themselves threatened with burning for witchcraft. Mowgli is followed by the greedy Buldeo and two friends, a priest and a barber, to the lost city. They find the treasure and leave for the village with as much as they can carry. But when they stop for the night, the priest tries to steal a jewel-encrusted axe from the barber's share and murders him when the barber wakes up. The priest unconvincingly tells Buldeo that the barber had attacked him and that he had killed in self-defense, but Buldeo knows better. The next day, the priest attacks Buldeo while his back is turned, but Buldeo knocks him into the swamp where he is killed by a crocodile. Mowgli, who'd been trailing the men, tells Bagheera to chase Buldeo, the sole survivor, from the jungle, and Buldeo flees for his life, jettisoning the treasure he'd been carrying. Enraged and maddened, Buldeo tries to murder Mowgli and even the jungle itself, by starting a forest fire. The fire rages, but the wind turns and threatens the village. The villagers flee, but Mowgli's mother and her defender are trapped. Mowgli brings the elephants to the village and breaks open the building, escaping to the river with his mother, Mahala and other villagers. He is invited to follow them to a new life downriver, but refuses to leave the jungle, turning back to help animals trapped by the fire. The scene returns to the present day, with the elderly Buldeo telling his story and admitting that the jungle defeated his youthful dreams. When asked what became of Mowgli and his daughter, as well as how he escaped from the fire himself, he looks into the camera and says that is another story.
Justin lives in the kingdom of Gabylonia, where lawyers control everything and knights have been ousted. His dream is to become one of the Knights of Valour, like his grandfather, Sir Roland. But his father Reginald, a widower and the chief counsel to the Queen, wants his son to follow in his footsteps and become a lawyer. After an argument with his father, Justin seeks comfort from his grandmother, a friend of the Queen, who encourages him to follow his dreams. Justin notices that his grandfather's sword is missing and decides to find the sword as his knights quest. His grandmother gives him a key which originally belonged to his grandfather and tells him to go to an abbey where three wise monks would train him. Before Justin leaves on his quest, he visits his crush Lara who is a spoilt brat and the daughter of the kingdom's greatest businessman. He says farewell to her, though she is not really listening and rather uncaringly gives him a sock as a token. Justin embarks on his quest to become a knight. Along the way he meets a beautiful, feisty girl named Talia, a barmaid who works at the Broken Eagle Inn, a job which she doesn't enjoy, and a quirky wizard called Melquiades. Talia is immediately enamored by Justin, which Melquiades notices. Meanwhile, Justin's grandmother visits the Queen, who tells her that she regrets her decision of ousting the knights. An armor polisher and small-time thief overhears their conversation and steals some armour to disguise himself as a knight, naming himself Sir Clorex. He instantly becomes popular with the townsfolk and is used to attract customers at the Broken Eagle Inn, but Talia is immediately able to tell that he is a phony. Justin arrives at the abbey and receives training from the monks, Braulio, an inventor who suffers from nervous attacks when shocked or stressed, Legantir, a wizard and head monk of the abbey and Blucher, a knight and an old friend of Sir Roland. They train him using the ways of the Knights of Valour. The monks then receive news that a banished former knight, Sir Heraclio and his second-in-command Sota, have returned from exile and have started rounding up an army to seek retribution on the Queen & Reginald for outlawing knights. The monks later reveal to Justin the Hall of Heroes, where all the statues of the finest knights were kept. Justin finds his grandfather's statue and notices that his grandfather's sword is not in the chest below it, and Sir Heraclio's statue has been removed. Blucher then tells Justin what really happened to his grandfather and how the Queen outlawed knights: The King was killed in a battle and all the ruling was left to the Queen. The Queen started depending on lawyers and Justin's father chose the Law over Knights, and eventually wrote a contract that outlawed Knights, which the Queen signed. Heraclio, furious, tried to attack the Queen & Reginald, but Justin's grandfather defended the Queen and was killed by Heraclio with his own sword. Justin realizes that his grandfather's sword is with Heraclio. The monks attempt to challenge Justin by battling a dragon, which turns out to be a crocodile named Gustav with mechanical wings and a fire-breathing trumpet. Justin ends up near-fatally injured but is saved by Legantir and Blucher using a healing spell that requires magic, healing leaves and a true knight. The monks fear for his safety and decide to end the training. Just before he leaves, Blucher gives Justin his sword and tells him that he'll need it. On his way back home, Justin saves Talia when she gets intimidated by thugs. Talia joins in and helps Justin defeat the thugs, resulting in her getting fired, though she happily quits before she can actually be fired. Justin is amazed that Talia is a proficient fighter, which she says is from dealing with five older brothers. She gets slightly disheartened when she learns that Justin already has feelings for Lara. Meanwhile, Justin's grandmother tells her son Reginald to understand Justin's dream of becoming a knight, just like his father understood his dream to become a Lawyer. She persuades Reginald to bond with his son at Lara's party, an event that Justin wouldn't miss. Justin attends Lara's party with Talia as his date. Justin is shocked when he finds out that Lara has fallen in love with Sir Clorex. Like Talia, Justin can also tell that Sir Clorex is a fraud, having already seen him shamefully sell autographs for money. Sota and his brothers invade the party in order to kidnap Lara for a ransom of 10,000 gold coins from her father. Justin attempts to save Lara, but Sota drugs him with a sharp ring, making him disorientated and he ends up embarrassing himself in front of Lara. Clorex enters the scene in a choppy way. Sota and his brothers, after hearing that the townsman call him Sir Clorex, think that he is a knight and flee quickly. Lara mocks Justin about his desire to become a knight, and Reginald attempts to bond with his son, but Justin sadly tells him that he will go to Law School. Sir Clorex and Lara share a seemingly romantic moment together, until Sir Clorex 'kidnaps' Lara and rides off with her. On his way to Law School, Justin bumps into Talia who tells him that Lara has been captured. Justin is her only hope, as the townsfolk become infuriated with the lawyers. After some encouragement and persuasion, Reginald finally accepts his son's desire to become a knight and allows Justin to stand up against Heraclio. Justin, Talia and Melquiades go to Heraclio's hideout, where they find Sir Clorex, being questioned by Heraclio about his knighthood, and Lara being help captive. Justin and Talia break into the room and briefly fight. Sir Clorex then grabs Lara and runs off with her. Justin and Talia defeat Sota and his brothers, before coming face to face with Heraclio's army. Talia confronts Sir Clorex and engages in a fist fight with him. She eventually corners him and finishes him off by kicking soot all over him, telling Sir Clorex that he is simply a fake and that it's not armour that proves he's a knight; it's the man inside. Blucher arrives with Gustav to aid Justin and defeat Heraclio. Gustav scares the army away, while Heraclio and Blucher engage in a duel which ends with Blucher being stabbed. Justin then duels with Heraclio. The two get stuck on a watermill above a waterfall where they fight over Sir Roland's sword. Heraclio slips and falls to his death while Justin retrieves the sword. Blucher is on the brink of death due to the wound and Justin and Melquiades use the same healing leaves from before on Blucher, proving Justin has become a true knight. The Queen then gives Justin the title of Sir Justin and praises him for his bravery. She decides to re-establish the outlawed knights by signing a new contract. Reginald is hesitant at first, as he fears that his son would follow the same fate as his father but signs the contract as it would make his son happy. While it seemed as though Justin still has feelings for Lara, he returns the sock she had given him and then turns her down much to her disappointment and surprise, as she was starting to like him. He then turns to Talia and tells her that he wants her to continue accompanying him on quests, as he has realized that she is the girl whom he truly loves. Talia happily accepts and shares a romantic kiss with Justin. At the abbey, the monks have finished creating a statue of Justin in the Hall of Knights. A wall is then torn down revealing another hall for future knights.
The movie opens in the swamp lands that Kermit the Frog calls home. After meeting his old friend Horace D'Fly again, he recaps an adventure about his childhood where he enjoyed a serene amphibian's life with his buddies Croaker the Frog and Goggles the Toad. Young Kermit wonders what lies beyond the swamp, but his companions do not think the same. The friends run into two scientists, Dr. Hugo Krassman and Mary, intent on capturing frogs. Arnie the alligator saves them and warns them about the dangers lurking outside the swamp. The next day, they run into the bully Blotch, a bullfrog, who attacks Goggles. The fight spills onto a road, where the pair are kidnapped by a pet store owner named Wilson, and Kermit and Croaker venture forth to save their friends. After getting run over by Wilson's truck and having tire tracks on his chest, Croaker is no longer able to hop. When Goggles and Blotch are taken into a pet store, Blotch's anger causes the pair to be put in a cage with Vicki the snake, who intends to eat Blotch. Goggles saves him by goading Vicki to attack him and then using his poison gland. Kermit and Croaker meet a stray dog named Pilgrim, who saves them from Krassman and Mary, then decides to help them find their friends. Meanwhile, the other animals at the store manage to convince Goggles and Blotch in a lively musical number that being sold to someone as a pet isn't such a bad idea. Kermit is able to find Wilson's truck by using helium balloons, but discovers they are no longer in the vehicle. Kermit reconnects with Pilgrim and Croaker again, and together they find Wilson's Pet Store, but they find out from Vicki that their friends have gone to George Washington High School. The next day, Kermit and Croaker intentionally get discovered by Wilson to get taken to the high school and escape upon arrival. They meet Pilgrim again, who followed them. While trying to find Goggles and Blotch, Pilgrim and Croaker get captured by Wilson. Kermit overhears Wilson heading to biology class, so he hitches a ride on a student's backpack. Krassman decides to dissect Goggles, but Blotch takes his place to return the favor for rescuing them from Vicki. Krassman discides to dissect Croaker instead, when Wilson brings him into the class. Mary refuses to show the class how the dissection is done, so she leaves the classroom. In a daring rescue, Kermit manages to free Croaker from the dissection table and fend off Dr. Krassman using some swashbuckling techniques he picked up earlier at a movie theater, but Krassman is able to defeat Kermit, Croaker, and Blotch. Goggles finds the knife that Kermit dropped, but after he picks it up, Krassman spots him. Despite the warnings that Kermit should never talk to humans, Kermit stops Krassman from killing Goggles by talking and asks him to please release the frogs. This decision by Kermit reveals that Krassman, as a child, when he was going to dissect his first frog, the frog spoke to him, but he refused to say it out loud to everyone else in Krassman's classroom, which caused him to be humiliated. With the truth at long last revealed that frogs can talk, Krassman frees all the frogs and dismisses the class and enables Kermit and his friends to return home. When they hitch a ride back on Wilson's truck, Wilson adopts Pilgrim and the four friends head home. Back in the present, Kermit enters the swamp to meet up with his three old friends, and Horace D'Fly again seen singing.
Moki, a Cree Indian in the late 19th-century West, works as a foreman on the ranch belonging to his former Army commanding officer, Colonel Pierson. Moki wears the sign of the tribal totem on his hand--a four-toed track, the mark of the grizzly bear. A grizzly bear invades Pierson's land and kills a steer, and Pierson shoots the bear and one of her cubs, missing the other. The surviving cub falls over a cliff and into a river and is swept downstream. Moki searches for the cub and learns that it has only four toes on one of its feet. He names it Wahb, which means four-toed grizzly, captures the bear, and sets him free on the outskirts of Pierson's land. Wahb survives and grows to maturity. At 3 years of age, Wahb appears and frightens a ranch hand, whereupon Pierson orders Moki to trap the bear; but Wahb avoids capture. Several years later, Moki encounters Wahb in the mountains. As the bear does not harm him, Moki concludes that a mystical tie binds Wahb's destiny with his own. Wahb reappears on the Pierson ranch at roundup time and stampedes the cattle. Pierson sets out to kill Wahb, but the wily bear doubles back and begins to track his pursuer. Moki attempts to warn Pierson of his danger but to no avail. Pierson meets the bear head on; his horse rears and Pierson is thrown. Wahb is about to attack Pierson when Moki intervenes and makes the Cree sign of friendship to the bear, causing him to lumber off. Pierson raises his rifle to shoot, but Moki stops him when he notices Wahb scratching a mark on a nearby tree. Moki interprets the tree-marking as a sign that the bear will never again return to Pierson's.
In June 1934, Kit Kittredge is determined to become a reporter, and she writes articles on the typewriter in her attic while drama unfolds beneath her. The mortgage on her house is about to be foreclosed because her father lost his car dealership and couldn't keep up with the payments. He has gone to Chicago, Illinois to search for work, and to make some income her mother takes in an odd assortment of boarders, including magician Mr. Berk, dance instructor Miss Dooley, and mobile library driver Miss Bond. Locally there have been reports of muggings and robberies supposedly committed by hobos. Kit investigates and meets young Will and Countee, who live in a hobo jungle near the Ohio River and Erie Lackawanna Railway. Kit writes a story about the camp and tries to sell it to Mr. Gibson, the mean editor of the Cincinnati newspaper, but he has no interest in the subject. She adopts a dog, her mother buys chickens, and Kit sells their eggs. Then a locked box containing her mother's treasures is stolen, and a footprint with a star matching the one on Will's boot is discovered, making him the prime suspect. The sheriff goes to find Will and Countee. However, Will and Countee have left the hobo jungle. Kit, Stirling and Ruthie then set out to investigate on the incidents and clear Will's name. It then turns out that Mr. Berk, along with his assistant Frederich and Miss Bond, were actually the ones behind the robberies, framing Will and the rest of the hobos for the crime. Kit then becomes a local hero. They found out that Countee has been pretending to be a boy. On Thanksgiving, the hobos bring food to Kit's mother and Kit's father returns home. Mr. Gibson arrives to show Kit that she is in print in Cincinnati's major daily newspaper.
In 1911, just two days before the Fourth of July, Lady and Tramp have three well-mannered daughters, Annette, Danielle, and Colette, and a rambunctious son named Scamp. After chewing Jim Dear's favorite hat and causing a mess while chasing after a ball in the house, Scamp is chained to a doghouse outside as punishment. His parents, Tramp and Lady, are distraught that their son cannot settle down and live in a home. Tramp tries to reason with Scamp, but loses his temper at his son's insistent desire to be wild. Scamp then sees a pack of stray dogs harassing the dogcatcher and becomes intrigued. He manages to break free from the chain and runs off to find the pack. Scamp finds a young member of the pack, Angel, and the two go to a junkyard with the pack, named the Junkyard Dogs. Just after Scamp leaves, Lady walks out to reconcile with her son but notices that he has disappeared. She alerts Tramp and the Darlings start a search party. Scamp attempts to join the Junkyard Dogs right away, but their leader, Buster, gives him the first test in the alley, where Scamp has to grab a tin can from a large, savage dog named Reggie. This results in a chase involving him and Angel; they manage to evade Reggie, who is caught by the dogcatcher. They then head to a park, where Sparky, another member, tells a colorful story about Tramp escaping from a group of dogcatchers. Buster, who was once good friends with Tramp, angrily reminds them that Tramp fell in love with Lady and became a house pet. Scamp is in awe that his father used to be a Junkyard Dog. After Scamp and Angel narrowly escape from a train and fall into a river, they start to fall in love. Meanwhile, Scamp and Angel find Scamp's parents, along with Jim Dear, Darling, Jock, and Trusty, as they search for him. Angel, who was once a house pet herself, is disgusted that Scamp would choose living on the streets over a loving family. Later, as the Dear family has a picnic, the Junkyard Dogs see them and Buster realizes that Scamp is Tramp's son. He then tells him to steal a chicken from his family's picnic, claiming it was the second and final test for Scamp to join the Junkyard Dogs. Scamp does so and heads into an alley, where Tramp confronts and asks him to come home. Scamp refuses and chooses to stay with Buster. Buster, pleased to see Tramp distraught, officially declares Scamp a Junkyard Dog by removing his collar. While Scamp celebrates his newfound freedom, Angel scolds him for not listening to his father, and reminds him that his family loves him. Scamp then reveals that Angel wants to be a house pet, and Buster exiles her from the pack. She leaves the Junkyard, angry at Scamp. Having a change of heart, Scamp searches for her. Buster, still wishing revenge on Tramp, arranges Scamp's capture by the dogcatcher. Realizing this, Scamp wishes that he was home with his family. Angel sees Scamp on his way to the pound and goes to alert Tramp. Meanwhile, Scamp is placed in a cage with Reggie. Tramp, arriving just in time, fights off Reggie and rescues his son. Before they head home, Scamp apologizes to his father for running away, and the two dogs reconcile. They head to the junkyard, where Scamp retrieves his collar and traps Buster under piles of junk. The gang members abandon him and go to find families. Angel accompanies Scamp and Tramp home, and the family decides to adopt her.
Sam Carraclough, a miner who struggles to earn enough money to feed his family, sells the family's Collie, Lassie, to the Duke of Rudling, whose granddaughter loves the dog, leaving his young son, Joe heartbroken over the loss of his dog. The Duke's servant, Hynes, scares the dog, which keeps coming back so the Carracloughs have to keep returning her, and Hynes blames the boy. During the holiday season, the duke goes to the Scottish Highlands, taking Lassie. Lassie escapes and goes on a 500-mile journey to get home. Meanwhile, Sam Carraclough enlists in World War I to support his family. During her journey, Lassie dodges dog catchers and is taken by a circus performer and befriends his small dog. Later, after they are attacked by some men, which kill the small dog, an angered performer and Lassie chase the men away. Lassie reaches home on Christmas Day and faints outside the church in which the family is in. When the mass was over, the family found Lassie nearly dead and they take her home, the veterinarian tells the family that Lassie might not survive. When Hynes hears that Lassie has been found, he, accompanied by police officers, goes to the house to take Lassie and the family to the Duke's local estate. The duke lets the family keep Lassie by denying that it is his dog and fires Hynes. After Lassie recovers, the duke offers a job to Sam and his wife and a new house. The duke's granddaughter visits the family in their new house and sees Lassie's puppies. She and Joe play with puppies and the movie ends.
Set in Depression-era Yorkshire, England, Mr. and Mrs. Carraclough are hit by hard times and forced to sell their collie, Lassie, to the rich Duke of Rudling, who has always admired her. Young Joe Carraclough grows despondent at the loss of his companion. Lassie will have nothing to do with the Duke, however, and finds ways to escape her kennels and return to Joe. The Duke finally carries Lassie to his home hundreds of miles distant in Scotland. There, his granddaughter Priscilla senses the dog's unhappiness and arranges her escape. Lassie then sets off for a long trek to her Yorkshire home. She faces many perils along the way, dog catchers and a violent storm, but also meets kind people who offer her aid and comfort. At the end, when Joe has given up hope of ever seeing his dog again, the weary Lassie returns to her favorite resting place in the schoolyard at home. There, Lassie is joyfully reunited with the boy she loves.
Soren, a 17 year old barn owl, lives in the Tyto Forest with his family; his father, Noctus; his mother, Marella; his older brother, Kludd; his younger sister, Eglantine; and Mrs. P, the family's nest maid, a kind blind snake. Soren enjoys listening to the "Legends of Ga'Hoole", which are mythical tales of warrior owls called the Guardians who fight against the Pure Ones. Kludd berates his brother's dreams, having grown tired of listening to the stories. When their father teaches them the first steps to flying, Kludd becomes jealous of Soren's talents at branching. Later, when practicing branching while their parents are hunting, Kludd pushes Soren off a branch which forces them both to fall to the ground. They are attacked by a Tasmanian devil but are saved, and then kidnapped, by two owls, Jatt and Jutt. Along the way, more owlets are revealed to have been kidnapped. Soren meets Gylfie, a young female elf owl who is also kidnapped. At St. Aegolius, the owlets are greeted by Nyra, who says that they will be divided into either soldiers or "peckers". When Soren and Gylfie protest, they are sorted as peckers while Kludd, who enjoys the place, betrays Soren, and is sent to be a soldier. Soren and Gylfie avoid being "moon-blinked" while the others do not know and become moon-blinked. They are forced to "pick" through owl pellets, scouring for bits of metal "flecks", which are being used to build a superweapon. They are spotted by Grimble, a boreal owl, who reveals that he works under the Pure Ones only to keep his family safe and that he isn't really a Pure One at all. He teaches them to fly, but Nyra finds out whilst coming to invite Soren to become a soldier. Kludd decides to remain with the Pure Ones, despite Soren's pleas for him to come with him. Grimble and Nyra engage in a battle, and Grimble is later killed. Following his instructions to seek the Great Tree of Ga'Hoole and warn the Guardians, Soren and Gylfie fly out. Along their journey, they meet Twilight, a great grey owl, and Digger, a burrowing owl, and rest with them in their shared hollow. Soren is reunited with Mrs. P who is brought in by Twilight, having captured her for dinner while she searched for Soren and Kludd. She agrees to go with them to find the Guardians. The band flies towards the sea of Hoolemere where a flock of crows chaotically guides them to the legendary shrine and gateway of the Guardians, kept by an oracular echidna, who provides comic, but accurate, descriptions of the quintet and guidance to the object of their quest. He sends the owls out to sea to find the island of Ga'Hoole. During flight, the band encounters a fierce storm and Digger's wings freeze, causing him to nearly drown in the sea, but they are saved by Boron and Barran, the king and queen of the Guardians who lead them back to the Tree of Ga'Hoole. There, Soren tells the Guardian council about the Pure One's plans. The Guardians are skeptical, but an elderly screech owl named Ezylryb is convinced by Soren's sincerity. Boron sends a great grey owl called Allomere out with two scouts to investigate St. Aegolius. The band is shown refuge at the Tree of Ga'Hoole, guided by a young Guardian-in-training named Otulissa, a short-eared owl. Soren develops a crush on her, to Gylfie's annoyance. They are sent to attend different classes called "chaws". During one lesson in the middle of a rainstorm, Soren grasps a brief hold on gizzard-flying but loses control and falls towards the sea. Ezylryb rescues him and orders Soren back to his hollow. There, Soren learns that Ezylryb is, in fact, the famous hero Lyze of Kiel; the legendary leader of the Guardians who fought and defeated Metal Beak, the ancient leader of the Pure Ones, and Nyra's mate. But Soren is disheartened when he learns that his hero is a battle worn veteran who scoffs at his own past. Allomere returns from his scouting mission with news that his two wingmen were killed in an ambush. He brings back with him two moon-blinked owlets, one of which is Eglantine. Seeing the evidence, the Guardians arrange for battle and fly out towards St. Aegolius. Before leaving, Ezylryb instructs an anxious Soren to tend to his sister. When she finally snaps out of her trance, Eglantine tells Soren that it was Kludd who moon-blinked her and gave her to Allomere, and he realizes that Allomere is a traitor and that the Guardians are actually flying into a trap. The band then follows the Guardians where they find the Guardians subdued by the flecks, contained in a machine operated by bats. Twilight, Gylfie and Digger fend off the bats sent by Metal Beak to kill the paralyzed Guardians. This causes Metal Beak to distrust Allomere, and, believing he lied to him about bringing all the Guardians, has him dragged away by several bats, and is apparently killed in the darkness. Meanwhile, Soren flies through a forest fire, igniting a lamp of oil, and manages to disable the fleck trap. Freed and recovered, the Guardians fly into battle and Ezylryb goes straight for Metal Beak, who with Nyra begins to overpower him. Soren flies into the battle after spotting Kludd, but Kludd attacks him, throwing him into the forest fire. The two brothers briefly fight while Soren tries to talk some sense into Kludd but Kludd replies that the Pure Ones believe in him like no one ever has, and that Metal Beak has instilled in him the belief that the strong will triumph, the broken will be put out of their misery and that honor is just another word for weakness before he leaps onto Soren, causing them to fall down a tree. Injured, Kludd tries to trick Soren into helping him up, but as he attempts to do so, Kludd attacks him again, only for the branch Kludd is holding onto to snap, causing him to fall into the fire and disappear, seemingly killed. Furious at Kludd's apparent death and betrayal, Soren grabs a flaming branch and attacks Metal Beak, but the evil warrior easily gains the upper hand on Soren. His over-confidence proves his undoing, however, and as he dives at Soren, the younger owl manages to stab him with a flaming branch, killing him. Nyra, shocked at her mate's death, retreats with the remaining Pure Ones, vowing revenge on them. When they return to the tree, Soren and Eglantine are reunited with their parents, who have just arrived. The band is then welcomed and initiated as new Guardians. Some time later, Soren tells the story to a group of owlets, revealing that Nyra is still out there with a contingent of Pure Ones. He also reveals that Kludd's body was never found. Meanwhile, back in the smoking remains of the canyons, a shadowy figure with glowing red eyes is shown looking at Metal Beak's body and mask. The movie ends with Ezylryb and the band flying off into another storm.
Leo is the lion king of the jungle, but unfortunately he doesn't know well what a king's job is. He believes it is his right to do as he pleases, even if it means disrupting the peace of others or being plain rude to them. As a king, Leo thinks everyone should look out for his well-being and comfort. One day, Leo meets a lion cub named Tooey whose mother has been recently taken away and who comes to Leo for help. Being as selfish as he is, Leo turns the young lion away. However, after several different adventures, Leo learns what his place as a king is and how he must behave and treat the creatures who have almost lost all faith in him. Leo rallies the jungle animals to the rescue, and in the epilogue, the narrator Michael Donovan says that Leo asked Tooey's mother to be his queen, and the cub himself grew into a strong young lion, now called Leo II and one day he would be the Jungle King. Leo the Lion was produced by Jetlag Productions and was distributed to DVD in 2002 by GoodTimes Entertainment.
With their mission to capture all 624 experiments and repurpose them on Earth completed, Lilo, Stitch, Jumba and Pleakley are honored as heroes by the Galactic Alliance. Jumba is given the confiscated key to his laboratory again, Pleakley is offered a post as chairman of Earth Studies at G.A.C.C., and Stitch is made the Captain of the Galactic Armada and commander of his newly commissioned ship BRB-9000. Lilo is made Galactic Federation Ambassador to Earth and sole guardian of Stitch's "cousins". Before they leave, Lilo gives Jumba her favorite Elvis record, Pleakley a paperweight and Stitch a necklace with a K tiki. In his ship, Gantu has decided that since he failed in capturing all of the experiments, he will break Dr. Hmsterviel out of prison. He takes the two-man space shuttle, leaving 625 alone and helps Hmsterviel escape from prison. Stitch is then assigned to recapture Hmsterviel. Hmsterviel and Gantu burst into Jumba's lab and force Jumba to create an evil twin of Stitch, Leroy, to defeat the Galactic Alliance. Stitch arrives and after a fight, he is defeated when Pleakley appears at an inopportune moment, distracting Stitch long enough for Leroy to lock him in a glass capsule. Hmsterviel reveals his plans to clone an army of Leroys to take over the Galactic Alliance. Before leaving for Turo, Hmsterviel locks Jumba, Pleakley and Stitch in Pleakley's ship, and sends the vessel into a black hole. On Earth, Lilo decides to contact Stitch. Lilo realizes that the only intergalactic videophone on the planet available is in Gantu's ship. There, she finds 625 and asks to use the videophone. However, 625 says it is broken. Lilo then names 625 "Reuben". He thereafter consents to help Lilo. Once the videophone is fixed, Lilo contacts the BRB-9000. Leroy impersonates Stitch, using shape-shifting to disguise himself, but fails because he does not have Stitch's tiki necklace. Hmsterviel then commands Leroy to go to Earth and capture all of the other experiments to destroy them. Lilo, sensing Stitch is in trouble, asks Reuben for help in fixing Gantu's ship. As Jumba, Pleakley, and Stitch head towards the black hole, Stitch escapes and frees the others. However, the navigational computer is locked on course for the black hole and will teleport them to a volcanic planet where they will be vaporized, but if they can disrupt the event horizon by throwing a small object into the black hole, it will send them somewhere else. Pleakley pulls out the rock that Lilo gave him and asks if this will work. After Jumba says it is too heavy, Stitch takes a bite out of it, then crawls out the front of the vehicle and throws it at the black hole. There is a flash and the vehicle is sucked in. On Earth, a Leroy clone obtains Lilo's scrapbook of "cousins" and quickly captures all of them. Lilo and Reuben arrive at Turo, but they are too late; Hmsterviel has taken over, making the Grand Councilwoman his receptionist, and orders Gantu to lock them up. Gantu imprisons Lilo and Reuben, but decides to release them after Hmsterviel fires him. After a close call with several Leroy clones, they are trapped. All is lost until the G.A.C.C. van suddenly appears. With no time to explain, Lilo, Reuben and Gantu all climb in and head for Earth. On Earth, the original Leroy has herded all the experiments into a large stadium where "Alohapalooza" will take place. The BRB-9000 appears and Hmsterviel prepares to obliterate all of the experiments, until a timely appearance by Lilo, Stitch and the others and destroy the BRB's primary cannon. Hmsterviel reveals that he brought along his Leroy army as backup. Stitch rallies his "cousins" and the battle begins. Despite some initial victories by the experiments, it soon becomes apparent that the adversaries are better than them. Jumba remembers that he programmed a secret shutdown command into Leroy: If he plays Elvis Presley's "Aloha 'Oe", the others will deactivate. Stitch appears on-stage in his Elvis attire and plays "Aloha 'Oe" with Lilo and Reuben accompanying him, causing the Leroys to have violent seizures and shut down. With his plan foiled, Hmsterviel is recaptured. Back at the Galactic Alliance HQ, they are proclaimed "Heroes of the Alliance." Stitch, Jumba and Pleakley ask to be allowed to return to Earth with Lilo. The Grand Councilwoman grants this and asks Gantu if he would like to be reinstated as the Captain of the Armada. Gantu agrees on the condition that Reuben be assigned as his galley officer. Back on Earth, Lilo sets up for one last picture. Mertle arrives with Gigi. Lilo's last picture in the album is of all of the experiments still on Earth, Mertle, Jumba, Pleakley, Nani, David and herself. Meanwhile, Hmsterviel is sent back to prison along with Leroy and all of his clones, who have recovered from their seizures, and are dancing to the song "Jailhouse Rock". As the credits roll, a full list of Jumba's experiments 001 through 626, and the names they were given by Lilo, scrolls along the left side of the screen.
The movie begins at a grocery store where a box of free puppies is outside. There are 6 puppies in the box, five black puppies and a Labrador retriever. Children come by and four black puppies are taken to a home. Soon only two puppies are left in the box, then a little boy and his mother come and take the remaining black puppy. Only the golden puppy is left in the box and on that raining night he escapes to the streets. A year later, the yellow Labrador retriever, named Tyco, is eluding animal control. Eventually he is caught and taken to the pound. Calvin Wheeler is a popular boy at school who collects comic books in his spare time. Calvin's best friend is Raymond Figg, who prefers to be called Figg. He saved Figg's life in the second grade when Figg had an asthma attack, and Figg, very devoted, manages his schedule and occasionally does his homework. Gotham Man is the name of Calvin's favorite comic. His collection is almost complete, except for one issue that is ever-so-rare, the first one, which is worth $3,000. When a show-dog runs after Calvin while skateboarding, he finds out that when one wins a dog show, they earn major cash. The cash prize is $5,000, which Calvin needs to buy the first issue of Gotham Man. Calvin goes to the dog rescue shelter and adopts Tyco. A girl volunteer at the run down animal shelter, Emily Watson, believes that this has to be another one of the crazy schemes or plans that Calvin has in mind. So she interviews Calvin and judges him a good owner for Tyco, and she says yes when Calvin asks her to the upcoming school dance, until she realizes that he's entering Tyco in a dog show. But there is someone else who wants to make sure Calvin and Tyco lose - Preston Price, a stuck-up rich boy who has won two of the past dog shows with his dog, Jaques. When Calvin and Tyco perform great at the qualifiers, Preston is jealous, so he hires people to beat Calvin up, and later to pretend that they are Tyco's real family, but when the three main characters realize that this is not Tyco's family, Figg and Calvin come up with a plan. He convinces Figg to pretend he is selling magazines and to fake an asthma attack. When this happens, Calvin runs into the basement and rescues Tyco while Figg is still acting. Emily forgives Calvin. This is the day of the dog show and they decide to go. Calvin's dad drives them there. They are not prepared, so they come up with a last minute routine of Tyco pulling Calvin on his skateboard. Preston scores a 98, and, worried that Calvin will win, sabotages Calvin to lose, however, this only gets Preston disqualified. Still, Calvin and Tyco beat Preston by one point and get a 99/100. Using his prize money, Calvin donates to the shelter so that the dogs can have better homes. In the end, the shelter is saved and Figg, along with many other people, adopts a new pet.
Calvin Cambridge and his two best friends, Murph and Reg Stevens, live in an orphanage. Murph is the youngest of the trio, and has a very close bond with Calvin. At night they all have to sell chocolate for the awkward orphanage director, Stan Bittleman, after each home game of the NBA team, the Los Angeles Knights. Calvin meets the team's coach, who is impressed by Calvin's knowledge of basketball and honesty about the chocolates and offers Calvin tickets for the next game. Inside a thrift store donation box, Calvin finds a pair of old sneakers that were used by Michael Jordan. Calvin's sneakers are taken by a jealous bully named Ox who throws them onto an overhead power line. When Calvin tries to retrieve them that night in a rainstorm he is shocked by a lightning bolt. Calvin and his friends attend the basketball game between the Knights and the Minnesota Timberwolves. After the second quarter ends, the team's star player, Tracy Reynolds, prepares for a halftime contest. Calvin's ticket number is called and he goes one on one with Tracy. Calvin ends the contest with a dunk after bouncing the ball off the backboard. Murph, Reg, and the surprised crowd give Calvin a standing ovation. Calvin is signed to a one-day contract by the Knights. Calvin prepares for his first game with the Knights, but realizes that he is not there to play. When the Knights play the San Antonio Spurs they start losing badly and Coach Wagner decides to let Calvin play in the fourth quarter. Calvin leads a comeback against the Spurs and they win, which leads to Calvin getting a season contract. Reynolds becomes his mentor since Calvin is a minor. Calvin brings teamwork to the Knights and makes them one of the best teams in the league. Tracy starts to respect Calvin after Calvin gets himself into trouble when making sure that Tracy didn't miss curfew. Bittleman signs a contract with the team that all of Calvin's money will go to him until Calvin is eighteen or adopted. When the second option is about to become true, Bittleman grows desperate and steals Calvin's shoes and bets US$100,000 against the Knights. After convincing Ox and his cohorts that Bittleman is selfish, Ox takes the shoes out of Bittleman's safe. The kids head to the arena with Calvin's sneakers. Bittleman escapes and sends goons after Calvin in a failed attempt to steal the shoes back. Calvin makes it to the arena with the shoes after the 3rd quarter ends with Vince Carter and the Toronto Raptors routing the Knights 8059. In the 4th quarter of the last regular season, Calvin is put into the game by the coach and the Knights start to make a comeback. After a pile-on towards the end of the game, Calvin's shoes are ruined with the Knights down by one point. Without the shoes and wanting to be a normal child, Calvin sadly tells the team this will be his last game. In the final play, Calvin manages to pump fake to get Vince Carter to jump and pass the ball to Tracy. Tracy makes the game-winning shot to clinch the Knights their first playoff appearance. After the game, Calvin bids poignant goodbyes to Tracy and Coach Wagner. After going back to his orphanage, Calvin is surprised by Tracy's return and intentions to adopt him. Calvin agrees under the condition that he also adopts Murph, not wanting to leave him behind. Reg is later adopted by a different family, though they all still keep in touch. Bittleman is missing because he doesn't have enough money to pay the bet and the orphanage is now sponsored by the Knights.
The movie opens with La-Lu, a friend of David Seville, putting up a banner saying "Welcome Chipmunks" on the porch of her magic cottage. One of her friends, Gilda believes that having children around is a bad idea. PC says that his mom used to say "nothing warms up a home like children's laughter". Dave arrives with Alvin, Brittany, Simon, Jeanette, Theodore, and Eleanor. Dave needs the weekend to himself to write a new song, and La-Lu is happy to have five pre-schoolers and a baby stay with her and her friends. Sam and Lou, two gophers, report to the viewers at home about the feelings the characters are experiencing via going into their heads and viewing an abstract inner visual manifestation of what the characters are thinking and or feeling. Alvin doesn't like that Dave is gone, and La-Lu explains that she felt the same way when she was little and reassures him that Dave will return for him and the others soon. They play the role of Peter Pan and Captain Hook for a while. Later, La-Lu tells Gilda, Alvin and Brittany a story about a sea serpent attacking a ship, when Simon comes in all wet. Simon explains that the toilet exploded, and it was caused by Theodore. La-Lu sees that the toilet is filled with a hair brush, toothpaste, a toy horse, shoes, squeaky toys, etc. Gilda tells PC that he was supposed to be watching Theodore. Feeling scared, Theodore lies and said it was Gilda. La-Lu comforts Theodore and explains that she was mad about the toilet exploding at first , but then remembered that we all make mistakes sometimes, and tells Theodore of a time she made a mistake and her father taught her how mistakes are easy to learn from. And even the toilet comes to life to voice her displeasure over the experience. After hearing this, Theodore tells the truth and vows to never play with the toilet again, and La-Lu congratulates him and later gets him ready for his nap. As La-Lu is entertaining baby Eleanor, Brittany comes in saying that Jeanette stole and ate her lipstick. As PC sings "Rock-a-bye Chipmunk" to Eleanor, Alvin and Simon try to steal a napping Theodore's teddy bear with a fishing line, but La-Lu stops them. Alvin explains that he and Simon didn't have any toys to play with, until La-Lu opens a shelf full of stuffed animals. La-Lu explains to Jeanette that eating lipstick could be a problem - for one, it wasn't hers; and two, lipstick isn't good for your body. Jeanette decides to buy Brittany another lipstick, but doesn't have any money. La-Lu suggests that Jeanette work for her, and she could earn enough money to do so, and Jeanette agrees. Alvin comes in dressed as "Super Alvin", hiding from Simon who is dressed as a magician. Simon demands his cape back. They get into a fight, until La-Lu intervenes, and suggests that they figure out a way to take turns with the cape. Suddenly, Jeanette comes in, dressed in yellow boots, an apron, gloves, a smog mask, ear covers and a feather duster, saying that she was ready for work; cleaning everyone's shoes, makes La-Lu's bed, dusts off the furniture, scrubs the kitchen floor, helps La-Lu with the groceries, and helps La-Lu with baking muffins. Jeanette eventually makes enough money to buy Brittany a new lipstick. Meanwhile, Simon turns on a fan to help "Super Alvin" fly in the air, but he ultimately falls. Afterwards, Alvin and Simon try to use his magic to bring Simon's dead plant back to live and it works. That night at dinner, they get a call from Dave. The children explain what they did that day, and soon after a story, everyone falls asleep in La-Lu's bed. Next day, Alvin and Simon take some tin foil, with Simon saying that it will change the face of science forever. As Theodore follows his brothers, Brittany comes in saying that Jeanette stole her oven. Jeanette claims she "borrowed" it. She explains that every time she asks, Brittany always says no. As Jeanette leaves to clean up the mess, a coin falls from Brittany's pocket. She explains that Tyler from school gave it to her, but Gilda comes in and says Tyler's mom called, saying that Tyler lost his coin. Then Lalu explains to Brittany that we sometimes take things that aren't ours because we really, really want them. And also that it is okay to be sad, but it is not okay to take things that aren't ours. Brittany realizes that Tyler is feeling bad, and has to give back his coin. Meanwhile, as La-Lu and Brittany go to Tyler's to return his coin, Alvin and Simon have used the tin foil to build a spaceship, pretending to be aliens. Theodore wants in on the fun, but his brothers say no, hurting Theodore's feelings. Feeling sad and angry at the same time, Theodore feels the need to hit Alvin. La-Lu explains that it's okay to feel upset but is never okay to hit others. She shows Theodore something that he can hit; a bear-shaped balloon dummy. Suddenly, Alvin comes and invites Theodore to play. As they prepare for a tea party, Brittany explains that she feels much better about everything. Then Jeanette comes in after cleaning Brittany's oven, after which Brittany invites Jeanette to their tea time. Meanwhile, Gilda tries to teach Eleanor how to be a "proper lady". As La-Lu, Brittany and Jeanette enjoy their tea party, Simon dressed in tin foil surprises everyone, chasing off Brittany and Jeanette. Then Alvin with Theodore and PC on his shoulders, dressed in tin foil as well surprise La-Lu, who takes Eleanor with her as she runs away from the "monster". Sam and Lou also surprise Gilda by dressing up in tin foil. That night, La-Lu prepares Alvin for bed in the big bed, after having some fun with him. Next day, Alvin, Brittany, Jeanette and Simon wake La-Lu up to tell her that she's in their band. But Lalu asks them to wait while she takes care of a fussy Eleanor. After many attempts, La-Lu decides to call the doctor. The reason for her crying is that she had to burp and now needs her diaper changed. Seeing how much time La-Lu is spending with Eleanor, Alvin starts to become jealous. La-Lu comforts Alvin, and shows that even though she had to help the baby, she still has plenty of love to go around, even for him. They decide to have a special time together whenever Eleanor has her nap, and Alvin can help with Eleanor, to which Alvin agrees. Suddenly, Dave arrives, having finished his song, and the Chipmunks and the Chipettes offer to help practice. The movie closes with Alvin turning off the lights in the house mischievously, despite Dave's protests until he finally yells, "ALVIIIINNNNN!".
Joey Norton, seven years old, lives with his older brother Lennie in a lower-middle-class neighborhood of Brooklyn. Joey is too small to be taken seriously by Lennie and Lennie's friends.  One day, while their mother is away visiting her sick mother, Lennie and his friends play a joke on Joey. They stage an incident using catsup and a toy gun, so that Joey thinks he has shot and killed his brother. Joey, who is told the police will catch and imprison him, runs to the nearest elevated train station and flees to Coney Island. He seems to forget his predicament and spends the day wandering around the arcades, pony rides, beacha little boy's paradise. He gets money for snacks by cashing in deposit bottles, and spends the night sleeping under the boardwalk. Meanwhile, Lennie is frantically trying to find him, as their mother is due home soon. Joey loves horses, and he begins hanging around a pony ride. The proprietor of the ride becomes suspicious that Joey is a runaway. He tricks Joey into giving him his address. He calls home and alerts Lennie. Lennie comes to Coney Island and, after a frantic search, finds little Joey. Their mother returns just after the two brothers arrive home. She is unaware of what happened, and, pleased that her two sons behaved so well during her absence, says they will have a treat that weekend: a trip to Coney Island!
Little Red Riding Hood, named so because of the red riding hood she wears, loves her granny. She's asked by her kind mother to take a basket of cakes and jam to her ill grandmother, who lives at the other side of the big woods. Her mother warns her to be careful and not to talk to strangers, and to walk straight to her grandmother's house without any distractions; the young girl promises to obey her mother and is on her way. However, Little Red Riding Hood has a hard time obeying her mother when she first hears the crying of a sad deer in the forest. The small creature had forgotten his mother's birthday and was very disappointed. Little Red Riding Hood gives her new friend a suggestion to make his mother a lovely bouquet of wild flowers, which he does happily. As she continues walking through the forest, the young girl meets another new friend, a pretty bird who is very talented at singing, but whose wing is wounded. Little Red Riding Hood encourages the bird not to be afraid, and when he finds the ability to fly without being scared and thus returns to his family, the grateful bird rewards the girl by teaching her how to whistle, telling her to do so should she ever be in danger. Finally, Little Red Hood meets a large family of beavers that are trying to build a dam but lack organization skills. Little Red Hood offers to help, and though she is first turned away, the beavers finally accept. Working together, they learn about teamwork and their dam is finished in no time. The young girl bids her new friends farewell, and they too promise to return the favor someday. Little Red Riding Hood's friends come to her rescue when upon reaching her grandmother's house, she meets the terrible wolf that she had been told was wandering around in the woods. Working together once again, the girl and her animal friends manage to defeat the wolf, and rescue the grandmother, who'd been put away in order to be served as dessert, learning many valuable lessons from the experience.
MVP 2 opens with the loveable Jack being invited to play for the Seattle Simians hockey team, but when the Los Angeles Carjackers team sets Jack up by making it look like he bit the finger of one of the players, Jack leaves while other Simians players look for him. Jack meets Ben, a runaway homeless skater boy, who lives in a shack at an old pool. Over time, the two become best friends, but when a police officer finds out where Jack and Ben live, they have to leave the pool. When leaving the pool, Ben breaks his board but was going to enter a skating competition and get sponsored. Jack goes to Oliver Plant's dumpster full of old skateboard stuff but Oliver finds Ben who tells him about his board and the competition so Oliver gives him a board to use. They stay with Oliver overnight with him not knowing about the pool incident, but when Oliver says "good night, Ben," Ben suspects him of knowing that he was a runaway. Jack asks him to stay since there is no other place to sleep, Ben agrees. Earlier in the story, Oliver gets a visit from someone who deals with children like Ben so that night Oliver calls her and says he found Ben. The next day they go to the competition and when it's Ben's turn, he says he can't do it, but Jack realizes he has the uncanny ability to skateboard. He says he would ride with Ben, so Ben decides to do it. Ben wins the competition and gets sponsored by Bob Burnquist and Oliver adopts Ben. Meanwhile, Louie, Jack's little brother, gets a ride to Seattle and pretends to be Jack, being terrible at hockey. But Jack shows up and wins ZHL cup for the Simians. After the Simians win and Jack and Louie decide to go back home, Ben gives Louie a skate board so Jack can teach him. In the last part of the movie, Louie rides down a ramp back at their home.
In 1956 Paris, France, a young girl named Madeline attends a boarding school run by Miss Clavel, a no-nonsense, strict, but caring nun. She is the only orphan and wishes she had a family since her parents died when she was very small. She goes on daily walks, eats her favorite meal, "Chicken Hlne", and often causes mischief for Miss Clavel. One night, Miss Clavel feels that something is not right, so she runs up to the girls' room and finds Madeline groaning in pain on her bed. Quickly, Hlne dials the hospital, who explains to Miss Clavel that they must take out Madeline's appendix immediately. During her stay in the hospital overnight, after the surgery, Madeline wanders down the hallway, and finds Lady Covington. The two begin to talk, and Lady Covington reveals to Madeline that she carved her name under Madeline's bed, Marie Gilbert. She asks Madeline to see if it's still there. Their conversation is interrupted by the strict Lord Covington, who orders Madeline to leave. A few days later, when Madeline is ready to go, she and Miss Clavel discover that Lady Covington had died. She then sees a chicken in Hlne's car, and finds out that Chicken Hlne that will be served that night. When Madeline arrives back at school, she meets Pepito, the Spanish Ambassador's son, who is the main target of an evil kidnapper named Leopold who wants to collect money from the Ambassador since he's rich. That night, Madeline refuses to eat the chicken "Fred" because she made friends with him in the car. She turns almost all of the other girls against the chicken dish and make them vegetarians and cluck, which results in Miss Clavel sending the girls to bed without dinner, after a discussion with Covington about how he'll close the school down as he has resigned from his job due to his wife's death. The girls are eventually hungry so they sneak down to eat, only to get scared by Pepito, who appears disguised as a demon. When Miss Clavel and Hlne find the girls, they reluctantly decide to give them dinner. The next day, Miss Clavel goes to Pepito's house to offer him a toolbox and ends up talking with Leopold who is posing as Pepito's tutor. Then, Miss Clavel takes the girls to an art gallery where Pepito himself steals Madeline's drawing pad and writes "Beware" with a vicious drawing in it. The girls wonder why until Miss Clavel tells them that they have been invited to Pepito's birthday party. While there, Pepito shows the girls his menagerie and attempts to scare them by dangling a white baby mouse in front of them. It works on the other girls, but not on Madeline, as she is not afraid of mice. Pepito tries to scare her by preparing to feed it to his snake, but Madeline insists he's bluffing. Pepito calls it off and shows the girls his guillotine that he built with the tools in his new toolbox and almost executes the mouse. Madeline defends the mouse by pushing Pepito away. She releases the other caged mice in retaliation, and this causes the girls to run in horror and subsequently causes an approaching Miss Clavel to faint. Madeline starts to fight Pepito, but Miss Clavel stops her and insists they leave. On their way out, Madeline steals Pepito's motorcycle keys to get even with Pepito. Later in class, the girls are forced to write lines, explaining their behavior. On their walk, Madeline accidentally falls into the Seine and is rescued by a stray dog, whom she names Genevieve. Madeline catches a cold, and when Miss Clavel and the girls leave on their walk, she hears Pepito complaining he doesn't have his keys. Leopold starts it with a paper clip instead. Meanwhile, Genevieve finds Madeline and the two try to hide from Lord Covington who is showing the house. Eventually, Miss Clavel finds out about Genevieve, but compromises and says she can sleep in the shed and be kept, but she is not allowed to go in the school. Meanwhile, Madeline and Pepito sabotage the school, so visitors won't want to buy it. Lord Covington comes over that night, and has an argument with Miss Clavel about the school being sabotaged, but Madeline interrupts and admits she did it, trying to back up Miss Clavel, but making a Freudian slip by calling Lord Covington "Cucuface". On his way back home, Covington discovers the dog and turns Genevieve loose despite the pleads of the girls. They look for her the next day and go to a circus to cheer themselves up, but Madeline decides to run away with the circus because she feels lonely and wants a real home. She tells her best friend Aggie that she's leaving, and makes her swear not to tell a soul. Aggie swears and hugs her goodbye. Madeline walks away sadly and notices Leopold kidnapping Pepito with the help of the clowns called "The Idiots", since they were really Leopold's henchmen. Madeline tries to confront Leopold, who openly mocks and abducts her as well. Miss Clavel, not knowing they have been kidnapped, eventually finds out from Aggies that Madeline has run away and goes to find her. While on her way, she finds Genevieve and takes her along. The next day, Madeline and Pepito discover a motorcycle that the Idiots used in their act. She tells Pepito to drive it, since he drove one, but Pepito states that he drives a Vespa scooter, which is very different from a motorbike as it does not have gears. He is nonetheless convinced by Madeline, and the two use it to escape Leopold, who, along with the other Idiots, follows them. Miss Clavel sees them chasing them and goes after Leopold. Miss Clavel and Leopold are about to both hit Madeline and Pepito, but Pepito swerves away and Miss Clavel cuts Leopold off, making him and the Idiots crash into a nearby lake. The police arrive on the scene, the Idiots are arrested for kidnapping, and Pepito and Madeline are reunited with their families. But just when everything turns out right, Lord Covington comes once again and introduces the Ambassador of Uzbekistan, who agreed to buy the school. Madeline confronts Covington and convinces him that his wife is still with him, and in the school as well. Miss Clavel assures Madeline that whatever happens, they'll be together. But Covington denies this, who says that Madeline is right, and wishes he could do something about it, but has already sold the school. However, the Ambassador calls it off, letting everybody remain at the school. The movie ends with the girls running off, while Miss Clavel follows them. The live-action setting goes back to a storybook-like setting and the words "Fin" appear.
Jack Carlisle is a disillusioned 13-year-old boy. His mother is always away at work since his father left. He decides to run away, as he feels his mom won't miss him. As he is ready to leave, his nanny convinces him to read a 'magic book' that belongs to her. The book is about a pirate adventure on Magic Island. As Jack reads the book, he is sucked into the world and goes on numerous adventures with Prince Morgan, while fleeing the evil Blackbeard the Pirate. He is even saved by Lily, a beautiful mermaid, whom he falls in love with. Lily is given the power to turn into a human and accompanies Jack on his adventure. Along the way, Jack encounters sand sharks, a tree that grows the favorite food of the person who climbs it, and a cursed temple full of treasure. Jack also uses items he brought along with him in his "magic" bag to stop the pirates. Eventually Jack is able to return home. He wakes up to his loving mother, and finds that his jeans are now torn and frayed and the flag on Prince Morgan's ship has transformed into his bagsigns that his adventure may have actually happened.
The film is about Kevin Ryan, an 11-year-old karate-champion from Kalamazoo, Michigan, who spends his summer with his uncle, Bob Ryan and his girlfriend Anita in California. His older sister Megan is coming with him. Bob owns a management bureau for clowns-acts. He has money problems and owes $10,000 to a mafioso named Tony. Because of all his problems he starts and ends his day with a bottle of Jack Daniels, even in his morning-coffee. Tony wants his money back and sends his nephew and two collectors to Bob. Bob is still in bed when the Mafia arrive, but Kevin sees the three thugs entering the house to take $15,000 off Uncle Bob. Tony is very pissed about it, so Bob takes his niece and nephew out of the house. Kevin offers to help his uncle against the bad guys. Megan gets in trouble when she goes to a club to meet her hero Tommy Hart. The bad guys recognize her and want to kidnap her, but Bob and Kevin, who were looking for Megan, arrive just in time. Kevin takes out the thugs, but then comes 'The Animal', a big, very large though guy. And then comes Don 'the Dragon' Wilson to save the day.
Kevin Ryan is a film star named Ninja Boy. David Wadsworth is a film producer who expects big money from his new film starring Ninja Boy. Meanwhile, Kevin has to study to pass on to the 10th grade but he won't succeed if he keeps on starring in movies. Kevin's agent is his uncle Bob Ryan, who plays poker all day with his friends. Kevin is home-schooled by his tutor Suzanne, who wants Kevin to finish school. When Kevin visits Suzanne's home, he asks her daughter Maggie on a date. Maggie agrees and soon Kevin falls in love with her. Meanwhile, Uncle Bob, who is concerned about the millions of dollars he will owe if Kevin breaks his movie contract, supports Kevin choosing the film. Kevin then runs away from home. David gives Uncle Bob 24 hours to find Kevin. Uncle Bob doesn't find him and David sends Luther after him. After a motorcycle chase, Bob gets arrested. Luther bails him out and takes him back to his house. Then Uncle Bob finds Kevin's school book and goes to Suzanne. When Kevin returns from a date with Maggie, he hears that Uncle Bob and Suzanne had a long talk and both decided that Kevin must go to school first. That brings Uncle Bob in conflict with David, who makes a plan to kill the Ninja Boy character.
Marmaduke, a teenage Great Dane, lives in rural Kansas with his stepbrother and best friend, a cat named Carlos. His owners, Phil and Debbie Winslow, work for Bark Organic dog food. Phil is very strict, from Marmaduke's perspective. Phil is transferred to Orange County, California. Phil's boss, Don Twombly, wants to sell Bark Organic in nation-wide Petco stores. Phil and Don meet at the dog park to discuss Phil's assignment, an ad campaign to win over Petco. There, Marmaduke meets Mazie, who develops a crush on Marmaduke. He also meets Giuseppe, a Chinese Crested dog who is afraid of everything, and Raisin, a very smart but minute Dachshund. Later, Marmaduke meets a Rough Collie named Jezebel, whose boyfriend is Bosco, a violent Beauceron with two Miniature Pinscher minions named Thunder and Lightning. Bosco intimidates Marmaduke, who does not want to fight. Marmaduke and the mutts get together at night and crash Bosco's pedigrees-only party, only to be scared away. Marmaduke asks Mazie to help him get a girl, whom she presumes is herself but is Jezebel. Marmaduke has Carlos pretend to be lost in the dog park, and the two stage a fight in front of all the dogs to boost Marmaduke's popularity. Marmaduke enters a dog surfing contest put together as a promotional stunt by Phil to sway Petco and beats Bosco, who is the reigning dog-surfing champion. They get into a fight, which appalls the Petco executives. As a result, Phil hires a dog trainer named Anton to help him control Marmaduke, albeit with little success. Marmaduke takes Jezebel on Mazie's dream date, which the latter watches from afar. While the Winslow family are on Don's boat, Marmaduke throws a party; most residents of the dog park attend, save for Mazie, Giuseppe, and Raisin. Bosco crashes the party and discovers it was Carlos at the dog park. He exposes Marmaduke, who loses his friends. When the Winslows return and Phil discovers the house in a wreck, he locks Marmaduke outside. Marmaduke runs away and leaves Mazie a toy she had given him earlier. Mazie goes to Marmaduke's house, and Carlos tells her Marmaduke never returned. As she looks for him, Marmaduke meets Chupadogra, a wise, elderly English Mastiff who is feared throughout Orange County for presumably eating his owner. In reality, he ran away to lead the pack, but they abandoned him. He has spent the time alone in the woods with nothing but a blanket and his old water bowl, which reads "Buster". Buster tells Marmaduke to go home and return to his family while he still has one, and distracts a dog catcher. Marmaduke leaves but gets lost. In the morning, the Winslows discover Marmaduke missing and search for him. Mazie and the family find him at the same time on the streets, but Mazie falls into the subterranean rainwater conduit after the street below her collapses. Marmaduke jumps in after her; Phil and the fire department attempt to retrieve him. The fireman saves Mazie but loses Marmaduke in the raging water. By this time, Phil has been fired for missing the meeting for the last chance with Petco. He follows the aqueduct and finds Marmaduke in the raging waters. Phil begs Marmaduke to let go of the branch he is holding onto and let the waters carry him to Phil. He reluctantly does and is saved. Several kids record it on video and put it on YouTube. When it proves popular, Phil is rehired and Petco stocks Bark Organics. Phil discusses moving back to Kansas, but the Winslow family wants to stay in California. Marmaduke convinces the pedigrees to share the park, and they turn on Bosco, who leaves, after revealing his fear of bees. Meanwhile, Phil and Don think of new commercials while considering whether dogs can talk to each other or dance. Marmaduke, Jezebel, Mazie, Giuseppe, Raisin, and Buster, among others, dance and sing "What I Like About You", which turns out to be the commercial. Marmaduke and Mazie date, Marmaduke and Jezebel are friends, and all is well. That night, Marmaduke farts in Phil and Debbie's bed as he winks at the camera.
Lewis is an aspiring 12-year-old inventor at an orphanage whose inventions have been scaring off potential parents. He works all night on a machine to scan his memory to locate his mother, who abandoned him at the orphanage when he was a baby. While taking the scanner to his school's science fair, Lewis meets 13-year-old Wilbur Robinson, a mysterious boy claiming to be a time cop from the future. Wilbur needs to recover a time machine that a man wearing a bowler hat has stolen. Lewis tries to demonstrate the scanner, but it has been sabotaged and falls apart, throwing the science fair into chaos. Lewis leaves while the Bowler Hat Guy, with the help of a robotic bowler hat named Doris, repairs and steals the scanner. Wilbur meets Lewis at the orphanage and asks him to repair the scanner. Lewis agrees to do so only if Wilbur can prove he is telling the truth, which Wilbur does by taking them to the year 2037 in a second time machine. When they arrive, he and Wilbur get into an argument and crash. Wilbur asks Lewis to fix the time machine, but Lewis has another condition: Wilbur has to take him to visit his mother afterwards. Reluctantly, Wilbur agrees and hides Lewis in the garage. Lewis does not stay there for long, however, and ends up meeting the rest of the Robinson family except for Cornelius, Wilbur's father, who is away on a business trip. Having followed Lewis, the Bowler Hat Guy and Doris try to kidnap him, but the Robinsons beat them back. The Robinsons offer to adopt Lewis, but change their mind when they learn that he is from the past. Wilbur admits to lying to Lewis about taking him back to see his mom, causing Lewis to run off in disgust. Lewis then discovers that Cornelius Robinson is, in fact, a future version of himself, and Wilbur is his future son. Lewis also finds out that the Bowler Hat Guy is a grown-up version of Lewis' roommate, Michael "Goob" Yagoobian. Because he was kept awake by Lewis' work on the scanner, Goob fell asleep during an important Little League game and failed to make an important catch that cost the game. Goob became so bitter as a result that he was never adopted and remained in the orphanage long after it closed. Doris was "DOR-15", one of Lewis' failed and abandoned inventions. They both blamed Lewis for their misfortunes and decided to ruin his career by stealing the memory scanner and claiming credit for it. Leaving Lewis behind, they take off with the scanner, drastically altering the future to a world where Doris' clones have enslaved humanity. Lewis repairs the second time machine, confronts Doris and destroys her by promising to never invent her, restoring the future to its Utopian self. After persuasion from Lewis, Wilbur tries to ask the adult Goob to join the family, but he has disappeared, apparently ashamed at what he has done. Back in Wilbur's time, Lewis finally meets Cornelius face to face. Cornelius explains how the memory scanner started their successful career, and persuades Lewis to return to the science fair. Wilbur takes Lewis back, but makes one stop first: as he promised, he takes Lewis back to the moment when his mother abandoned him. Wilbur drops Lewis off in his own time and leaves. Lewis heads to the fair, but en route wakes up Goob just in time for him to make the winning catch. Back at the fair, Lewis asks for one more chance to demonstrate his scanner, which this time succeeds. He is adopted by Lucille, one of the science fair judges, and her husband Bud, who nicknames him "Cornelius" and takes him home. The film ends with a quote by Walt Disney containing Lewis/Cornelius' motto: "Keep Moving Forward."  Around here, however, we don't look backwards for very long. We keep moving forward, opening up new doors and doing new things because we're curious ... and curiosity keeps leading us down new paths
The film opens in modern Stockholm. Orphaned by his mother's death and father's disappearance, Bosse suffers neglect by his guardians Aunt Edna and Uncle Sixten, as well as abuse from bullies. His best friend is Benke, whose father Bosse envies. Running away one night to seek his own father, Bosse meets the kindly shopkeeper Mrs Lundin, who gives him an apple and asks him to mail a postcard. The postcard is addressed to the Land of Faraway, informing its King of Bosse's impending journey there. After Bosse mails the postcard, his apple turns golden. Dropping the transfigured apple in shock, Bosse stumbles upon a genie trapped in a bottle and frees it. It turns out that this spirit has travelled from the Land of Faraway to seek Bosse, and that the golden apple is Bosse's identifying sign. With the boy clinging to his beard, the genie transports Bosse to the Land of Faraway and sets him down on Green Meadow Island. There, Bosse discovers that his real name is Mio, and that his father is the King. Treated with love and indulgence, Mio leads an idyllic life on Green Meadow Island. He receives the horse Miramis as a gift from his father and makes friends with the local children. The latter include the farm boy Jiri, the shepherd boy Nonno, and the royal gardener's son Jum-Jum, who turns out to be Benke's double. Together, Mio and Jum-Jum learn to play pan flute music from Nonno. However, not all is well. From a whispering well, Mio learns that an iron-clawed knight from the Land Outside, Kato, has been kidnapping children and making them his servants by ripping out their hearts and replacing them with stone. Those who refuse to serve him are transformed into birds and condemned to circle his castle in flight. Even his name induces terror when spoken. With Jum-Jum and Miramis, Mio leaves Green Meadow Island and journeys to the Forest of Mysteries, where he tears his cape on the briars. The Weaver Woman receives the boys at her house, mending Mio's torn cape and sewing a new lining into it. Hearing the Bird of Grief lament for Kato's victims, and told that the Weaver Woman's daughter Millimani is among them, Mio gradually learns of his long-prophesied destiny to confront Kato in the Land Outside. Journeying to the Land Outside, Mio and Jum-Jum meet Eno, a hungry old man living in a cave, and offer him food. In gratitude, Eno tells them to seek a weapon against Kato from the Forger of Swords, who has been imprisoned and enslaved by Kato in the Blackest Mountain beyond the Dead Forest. Meanwhile, Kato's servants capture Miramis. The boys are forced to continue their journey on foot, pursued by Kato's servants through the Dead Forest and the Blackest Mountain. Separated in the mountain's tunnels, the boys find each other by playing their pan-flutes. They finally reach the Forger of Swords, who tells the boys about Kato's stone heart and provides Mio a sword capable of penetrating it. Mio and Jum-Jum journey to Kato's castle, where they are captured and imprisoned. Kato throws Mio's sword into the lake outside the castle. However, Mio discovers that his newly lined cape turns him invisible when worn inside-out, and reclaims his sword with the help of Kato's birds. Armed and invisible, he escapes and makes his way to Kato's chamber, eluding the castle guards. Taking off his cloak, Mio challenges Kato to combat and eventually slays him. Turning into rock, the dead knight crumbles into pieces. Mio picks up Kato's stone heart and holds it outside a window, where it transforms into a bird and flies away. Kato's birds turn back into children, Jum-Jum and Miramis are freed, and Kato's castle collapses into ruin. The Dead Forest begins to revive. Returning to Green Meadow Island, the children rejoin their families, and Mio rejoins his father. On this happy note, the film ends.
The film tells the true story of Justin Yoder, a young boy born with spina bifida and hydrocephalus. Justin uses a wheelchair. He lives with his overprotective parents and brother, Seth, who is a jock. Due to his disability, he desperately wants to find something he can do that will make him feel special. For guidance, he turns to God, who in the film takes form as a famous race car driver Bobby Wade, during his journey. After discovering a soapbox racer in his neighbor's shed, Justin hopes to participate in that sport and eventually finds a love and talent for it. To accommodate his disability, his father and their neighbor, Vic, build a customized racer with a hand brake. Meanwhile, Seth feels that his parents focus too much on Justin rather than giving both equal treatment. However, he has a change of heart when Justin crashes during a race. The Yoders are confronted with the idea that Justin's involvement with the sport may be hazardous to his health. At the end of the film, he asks God if people are perfect when they go to Heaven. In response, he shows him a vision of it where there are people with and without wheelchairs, all together, to which he happily replies "perfect". As a tribute to Justin, live footage of him is shown before the closing credits.
Kris Kringle is indignant to find that the man assigned to play Santa in the annual Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade is intoxicated. When he complains to event director Doris Walker, she persuades Kris to take his place. He does so well, he is hired to play Santa at Macy's flagship New York City store on 34th Street. Ignoring instructions to steer parents to buy from Macy's, Kris directs one shopper to a competitor. Impressed, she tells Julian Shellhammer, head of the toy department, that she will become a loyal customer. Attorney Fred Gailey, Doris's neighbor, takes the young divorce's daughter Susan to see Santa. Doris has raised her to not believe in fairy tales, but Susan is shaken after seeing Kris speak Dutch with a girl who does not know English. Doris asks Kringle to tell Susan that he is not Santa, but he insists that he is. Worried, Doris decides to fire him. However, Kris has generated so much positive publicity and goodwill for Macy's that Macy promises Doris and Julian bonuses. To alleviate Doris's misgivings, Julian has Granville Sawyer administer a "psychological evaluation". Kris passes, and questions Sawyer's own mental health. The store expands on the concept. To avoid looking greedy, competitor Gimbels implements the same policy, forcing Macy's and others to escalate. Eventually, Kris does the impossible: he reconciles bitter rivals Macy and Gimbel. Pierce, the doctor at Kris' nursing home, assures Doris that Kris is harmless. Kris makes a pact with Fred  he will work on Susan's cynicism while Fred does the same with Doris, disillusioned by her failed marriage. When Susan reveals she wants a house, Kris reluctantly promises to do his best. Kris learns that Sawyer has convinced young employee Alfred that he is unstable simply because he is kind-hearted. Finding Sawyer unwilling to budge, Kris hits him on the head with Sawyer's umbrella, which was on the desk. Sawyer exaggerates his pain in order to have Kris confined to Bellevue Hospital. Tricked into cooperating, and believing Doris to be in on the deception, Kris deliberately fails his examination and is recommended for permanent commitment. However, Fred persuades Kris not to give up. At a hearing before Judge Henry X. Harper, District Attorney Thomas Mara gets Kris to assert that he is Santa Claus and rests his case. Fred argues that Kris is not insane because he actually is Santa. Mara requests Harper rule that Santa does not exist. In private, Harper's political adviser, Charlie Halloran, warns him that doing so would be disastrous for his upcoming reelection bid. The judge buys time by hearing evidence. Doris quarrels with Fred when he quits his job at a prestigious law firm to defend Kris. Fred calls Macy as a witness. When Mara asks if he believes Kris to be Santa, Macy starts to equivocate, but when pressed, he remembers the good Kris has done and states, "I do!" Afterward, Macy fires Sawyer. Fred then calls Mara's own young son, who testifies that his father told him that Santa was real. Mara concedes the point. Mara then demands that Fred prove that Kris is "the one and only" Santa Claus on the basis of some competent authority. While Fred searches frantically, Susan writes Kris a letter to cheer him up, which Doris also signs. When a mail sorter sees Susan's letter, he suggests delivering the many letters to Santa taking up space in the dead letter office too. Fred presents Judge Harper with three of them, addressed simply to "Santa Claus" and delivered to Kris, asserting the Post Office has acknowledged that he is the Santa Claus. Harper dismisses the case. On Christmas morning, Susan is disappointed that Kris could not get her what she wanted. Kris gives Fred and Doris a route home that avoids traffic. Along the way, Susan sees her dream house with a "For Sale" sign in the front yard. Fred learns that Doris had encouraged Susan to have faith and suggests they get married and purchase the house. He then boasts that he must be a great lawyer since he proved Kris was Santa. However, when they spot a cane inside that looks just like Kris's, he is not so sure.
Miss Flora Spider has been living happily with her new husband Holley, but becomes nervous when she hatches five eggs on the same day. She worries about becoming a mother ever since her mother abandoned her when she hatched, but her foster mother Betty Beetle tells her she has nothing to worry about. When the eggs hatch out five new spiders, the family becomes overjoyed. Years pass and as spider kids grew up, the family find an egg and start to decorate it. Thinking its mother is looking for it, Squirt, one of the spiderlings, decides to return it. While going through the forest, he comes upon three kid bandits: Dragon the dragonfly, Shimmer the jewel beetle, and Bounce the bedbug. When the young spider explains that he is looking for his mother, Bounce revels that they don't have parents either, although Dragon says they're still looking for them. Shimmer decide that they should tag along and help Squirt. Suddenly, Spiderus, a vicious spider who was jealous after Miss Spider chose Holley over him, arrives and tries take the egg, but the kids manage to scare him away. Meanwhile, Miss Spider has discovered that Squirt is missing and fears for the worst. She and Holley decide to go find him. With the help of Spiderus, they now know where Squirt is. Snow starts to fall, and kids find Stinky, a stink bug, in his home and take shelter there until morning. By the time kids leave, the three adult spiders already arrive, and Spiderus meets and falls in love with a female spider named Spindella. The kids arrive at a barn, where a hen, revealed to be the mother of the egg, attacks. Just as Squirt is about be eaten, Miss Spider and Holley arrives and save him. The egg hatches and is reunited with its mother. Squirt introduces his new friends to his parents. Miss Spider decide to adopt them, since eight is a perfect number. They are all overjoyed and return home. As the all kids sleep, Miss Spider now knows it doesn't matter what other bugs are, all that matters is that they're all family. Squirt is thought to be missing again, but he is soon found outside, flying on his web. The other kids to wake up and run outside and play. As the adults look outside, they all join in the fun as they shout out "Bugs Away!"
13-year-old Adam Hansen and his best friend Duffy have some tickets for the Headless Horseman concert, and his sister 16-year-old Chelsea has a date with her dreamy boyfriend Peter. The only problem is, they are both grounded: Adam is punished because he did not do his homework, instead making up a story using an article from the magazine The Weekly Secret, and Chelsea because she called Adam a dweeb, which their mother, Lynette, happened to hear. Chelsea and Adam will do whatever it takes to get their mother out of the house, even if it includes a chance meeting with a very mysterious man named Dimitri. Everything seems to go according to plan, until their 8-year-old little brother Taylor realizes that Dimitri is a vampire. His brother and sister do not believe Taylor, so he calls Malachi Van Helsing, the vampire hunter. The night that their mother goes out with Dimitri and Taylor follows them. Not wanting their mother to come home and extend their punishments, they follow Taylor and find him outside the restaurant that Lynette and Dimitri are at. Adam and Taylor make the vampire do the spoon test. Afterwards, Adam discovers that Taylor was right about Dimitri being a vampire when he looks in the mirror and notices Dimitri does not have a reflection. So, along with Chelsea, he sets out to stop Dimitri, who puts their mother in a trance and plans to take her to his mansion. Meanwhile, Malachi Van Helsing arrives and begins to hunt down Dimitri, only to discover that he was being followed by Taylor, who had also set out to save his mother from Dimitri. In the end, Taylor becomes Van Helsing's partner and they arrive to do battle with Dimitri, who has Lynette in a trance, but even together Taylor, Adam, Chelsea and Van Helsing are unable to defeat Dimitri. Dimitri goes to bite a powerless Adam, but he and Chelsea call out to Lynette, breaking her trance. She throws Dimitri into his coffin. Van Helsing seals the coffin with silver-plated nails and explains that he plans to send it to a place where it's always sunny. Shortly after Dimitri is sealed up, Van Helsing asks their mother out on a "date", after which Adam, Chelsea and Taylor, believing they have heard the word "date" enough for one night, try to convince her to stay single which is when Lynette confesses, "I date. Just not vampires". Finally, they all decide to go back to the Hansen house for breakfast as the sun is finally rising.
9-year-old Eva Gregory longs for a pet to call her own, but her divorced mother, Amy, does not think she is responsible enough, as her room is a mess, and she's completely unwilling to help out at all with her little half-brother, Jack. Also her stepfather, Tom, a police lieutenant, is allergic to fur. She can't keep the pet at her father Peter's house because he is a pilot and travels a lot. One day, a Capuchin monkey named Fingers runs away from his drunken master, a gypsy thief named Azro, who had trained him to pick pockets and now blames him for Azro's domestic woes. He meets Eva in the park, and she names him Dodger. At home, she finds that keeping him a secret is trouble. She only allows Jack, who can't speak yet, into her room with him. As Eva spends certain weekends with her father, one arrives. However, he leaves a phone message that he's in Canada and can't have her over. She takes advantage of this circumstance to have a personal weekend alone with Dodger in her father's empty house, and hides his message from her mother and stepfather, and has her friend Katie's mother drive her over to her father's house. Once there, they realize that they have no food, but they manage to raise money at the nearby boardwalk with Dodger as a main attraction. At a grocery store that evening, he steals food and hides it in Eva's backpack, but she catches him in the act and returns the stolen groceries. When she returns home, she discovers golden jewelry and wallets in her backpack that he had also stolen. So she spends the rest of the weekend teaching him not to steal. Azro, who has been looking for Fingers all this time, finds and kidnaps him at a pet shop where Eva had left him while she was at school. Azro discovers that the monkey won't steal anymore. Meanwhile, Amy and Tom, who has been dealing with reports on stolen jewelry, discover more stolen property in Eva's room. They confront her about it, and she tries to explains about her hidden monkey, but they refuse to believe her. Things get worse when Peter stops by and reveals that he had been in Canada all weekend, which reveals that Eva had lied about that time. She, already heartbroken at the disappearance of her beloved pet, is additionally upset that no one will believe her, and so she runs away to look for Dodger. She is accosted by Azro, who is furious about her teaching Dodger not to steal. Meanwhile, Jack ends up saying his first word, "monkey", revealing to Amy, Peter, and Tom that there really is a monkey in the house and that Eva had been telling them the truth. They all go out, along with Tom's fellow police officers, to look for her. Dodger saves her and Azro is arrested by Tom. His son, Mark, tries taking Dodger back, but fails. He ends up living with Eva, after she shows her mother that she is responsible and her stepfather discovers that he is not allergic to the fur of monkeys.
In the final sequel, the Robinsons celebrate the arrival of spring after surviving a fierce winter. Soon their happiness is quickly dashed as a Forest Service ranger informs them they must prove their mountain home is located on a legitimate mining claim or they must move out. Also, Pat finds out that her mother is ill and decides to go back to Los Angeles. Will the Robinsons lose their mountain home? Will Pat come back from the city?
Mr. Quincy Magoo, a wealthy canned vegetable factory owner, goes to the museum to attend a party. While there, Waldo, Mr. Magoo's nephew, spies a woman named Stacey Sampanahoditra, on whom he develops a crush. Later that night, jewel thieves Luanne LeSeur and Bob Morgan steal the museum's beautiful ruby "The Star of Kuristan" and escape on a boat to Austin Cloquet, Bob's boss. Meanwhile, Mr. Magoo and his dog Angus go fishing in the same area as the jewel thieves' boat. Luanne picks a fight with Bob and in the scuffle, they lose the ruby which lands in Mr. Magoo's boat unbeknownst to Magoo. Bob goes after the ruby but fails by falling onto the paddle wheel of a paddle boat. At the museum, the curator and Stacey send two agents: Gustav Anders of the CIA and Chuck Stupak of the FBI to track down the ruby and spy on Mr. Magoo whom they believe stole the ruby. Stacey mentions she was invited to the opera where the Magoos go that night. Anders and Stupak also visit the opera to look for Mr. Magoo who is in the show. At the opera Mr. Magoo meets Luanne who pretends to be a magazine reporter named Prunella Pagliachi. She wishes Mr. Magoo luck at the opera, who immediately takes a liking to her. Stupak sneaks on the stage and fails to find any clue about Mr. Magoo with Mr. Magoo accidentally hitting Stupak with a big tool. The next morning, Luanne tricks Mr. Magoo into taking her to his house with an injured ankle. Stupak finds a notebook with Luanne's fingerprints on it and realizes who Mr. Magoo is with. He and Anders go to Mr. Magoo's house where Stupak sneaks in looking for the ruby. Mr. Magoo and Luanne arrive at the house and Stupak hides from them. Bob sneaks into Mr. Magoo's house and finds the ruby. Upon being caught in the act, he steals Mr. Magoo's prized Studebaker with the Magoos and Luanne chasing after him in Magoo's Eggplant-mobile. Bob loses them and brings the ruby to Austin. Austin plans an auction for his criminal friends from around the world and shows them the ruby. Mr. Magoo disguises himself as Ortega Peru, a thief from Brazil who never goes anywhere and joins the auction which is taking place in a communal indoor pool. However he is discovered when the fake tattoo on his chest is washed away by the water. Luanne breaks up the auction, steals the ruby, and escapes on a snow mobile away from the lair. The government arrests Austin and his friends while Mr. Magoo gives chase on an ironing board and winds up in the middle of a women's skiing competition. Waldo and Angus sneak out of the lair, catch up with Magoo, and track down the ruby. Angus sees Luanne in disguise as an old woman and spills her purse which gives Mr. Magoo and Waldo a clue about where Luanne is going. The Magoos follow Luanne to Brazil where Waldo spies on the real Ortega and his friends. Mr. Magoo steals a bride dress from Ortega's girlfriend Rosita and is led to the wedding. Mr. Magoo steals the ruby from Ortega and finds himself being chased by Peru's men, the government agents and Luanne. Magoo then is trapped on a raft just before it goes over a waterfall but manages to invert the raft like a parachute so he can gently float to safety. He and Waldo return the ruby to the museum with the government arresting Ortega, Luanne and the people from Brazil. Mr. Magoo and Angus go home after returning the ruby back to the museum.
Mr. Peabody is a gifted anthropomorphic dog who has an adopted 7-year-old young human son, Sherman. He tutors Sherman travelling throughout history using the WABAC, a time machine. They visit Marie Antoinette in Versailles during the French Revolution in 1789. Getting caught in the Reign of Terror, Peabody is nearly sent to the guillotine by Maximilien Robespierre, but escapes with Sherman through the Paris sewers. In the present day, Sherman attends the Susan B. Anthony School in New York City on his first day of school. His knowledge of the apocryphal nature of the George Washington cherry-tree anecdote leads to a fight with Penny Peterson in the cafeteria where she puts him in a choke hold. Peabody is called in by Principal Purdy who tells Peabody that Sherman had bit Penny. He is also confronted during this meeting by Ms. Grunion, a Child Protective Services agent, who implies that Sherman's behavior is due to being raised by a dog. She informs Peabody that she will come to their home to investigate whether he is an unfit parent. Peabody invites Penny and her parents over for a dinner party to reconcile before Ms. Grunion arrives. Penny calls Sherman a liar for claiming first-hand knowledge of history. Despite Peabody's contrary instructions, Sherman shows Penny the WABAC. Penny goads Sherman into taking her into the past, where she stays in Ancient Egypt in 1332 BCE to marry King Tut. Sherman returns to get Mr. Peabody's help. Peabody hypnotises the Petersons, and retrieves Penny by telling her the fate of a pharaoh's widow. The WABAC runs out of power, but Peabody is able to get them to Renaissance Florence in 1508 where they meet Leonardo da Vinci. Penny and Sherman explore da Vinci's attic, finding his flying machine. Penny goads Sherman into flying it, which he manages to do before crashing. Da Vinci is thrilled the device works, but Peabody is upset that Sherman risked his safety and destroyed a historical artifact. They again attempt to return, but a black hole forces them into an emergency landing during the Trojan War in 1184 BCE. Upset about learning what Ms. Grunion would do to him, Sherman runs off and joins the army of King Agamemnon in the Trojan Horse. During the final parts of the Trojan War, Penny is trapped inside the Horse as it rolls towards a cliff. Peabody rescues her, but apparently dies during the attempt. Sherman pilots the WABAC to a few minutes before they left in the present to get Mr. Peabody's help to fix everything. As Sherman and Penny try to explain the situation, Sherman's earlier self shows up. Peabody tries to conceal the presence of two Shermans from the Petersons, then Grunion arrives. Then a second Peabody arrives from Ancient Troy. Grunion's attempt to collect both Shermans causes them to touch and begin to merge. Both Peabodys rush to assist, but they each merge back together amidst a cosmic shockwave. Grunion grabs Sherman to take him away, hurting him in the process. Peabody furiously bites Grunion, who then calls the NYPD. Peabody, Penny, and Sherman race to the WABAC, but cannot time travel due to a rip in the space-time continuum caused by the merger of their cosmic doubles. Historical figures and objects from the past begin falling from the cosmic rip and into the present. Mr. Peabody crash-lands the WABAC in Grand Army Plaza at William Tecumseh Sherman's statue's base. Historical figures and police officers quickly surround them. Grunion calls in Animal Control to collect Peabody. Sherman explains that everything was his fault, but Grunion contends that it is all because a dog cannot raise a boy. Sherman climactically shouts down Grunion, saying that if being a dog means being as loving and loyal as Peabody is, then he is proud to be a dog too. Penny, her parents, the historical figures, and others all make the same pledge. George Washington is able to grant Peabody a presidential pardon which is supported by Abraham Lincoln and Bill Clinton. As Peabody, Leonardo da Vinci, Albert Einstein, Isaac Newton, and Agamemnon try to figure out how to close the rip, Sherman suggests they travel into the future. Peabody and Sherman take off in the WABAC and undo the damage. The historical figures are dragged back to their respective times, with Agamemnon abducting Grunion back to his own time as she vows revenge on Peabody. Sherman returns to school having made great friends with Penny. History, meanwhile, is contaminated with modern traits, while Grunion and Agamemnon get married in the Trojan Horse.
Thomas Popper, is a divorced real estate entrepreneur whose father traveled around the world during his childhood in the 1970s. He learns that his father has died during an adventure to Antarctica. The following week, a crate containing a gentoo penguin, named Captain, shows up at his door as a souvenir from his fathers last adventure. A few days later, five more penguins arrive. Popper intends to give them away but changes his idea when his children, Janie and Billy, think that the animals are Billy's birthday present. At work, Popper is given the task of buying Tavern on the Green, the only privately owned real estate in Central Park that is an old restaurant where he used to eat with his father when he was a child. However, its elderly owner, Selma Van Gundy, will only sell it to a person of true value. Popper has unsuccessful meetings with her, and she refuses to sell the restaurant to him. Having the penguins around helps Popper become closer to his children. He also begins dating their mother, Amanda Popper again. The penguins lay three eggs. Two eggs hatch, and one doesnt. Popper becomes obsessed with seeing the last egg hatch, losing his job. Popper realizes that the egg cant be hatched so he decides to donate the penguins to the New York Zoo. Then, he is re-employed but his children and former wife are disappointed by his decision. Popper finds a lost letter from his father telling him to hold his children close and love them. Popper asks his children and former wife to help him get the penguins back from the zoo. They find the penguins, free them and they get away and flee to the tavern. Upon seeing how Popper had reunited his family and saved the penguins, Van Gundy sells him the restaurant. Popper decides to renovate and reopen the restaurant. Popper and his family travel to Antarctica with the penguins, allowing them to live with their own kind. Popper's first penguin, Captain, reveals to have laid another egg. Popper tells his children that they'll visit them when the baby is born.
The Great Gonzo has always been identified as a "whatever"; but, after having disturbing dreams of abandonment and rejection, he begins to realize just how alone he is in the world. One of his nightmares involves his being denied entry by Noah onto his Ark. The next morning, Gonzo tells Kermit the Frog that he is getting tired of being referred to as a "whatever." After an alien race appears to be trying to send him a strange mysterious message through his bowl of cereal, Gonzo realizes that he may not be so alone after all and climbs to the rooftop to watch the sky. Gonzo is hit by a shooting star and communicates with a pair of cosmic fish, who reveal his origins as an alien from outer space. Unable to convince Kermit and his friends of the aliens' existence, Gonzo is lured by Agent Baker into the clutches of K. Edgar Singer of C.O.V.N.E.T., a government organization disguised as a cement factory. Singer is aware of the aliens' attempts to communicate and thinks that Gonzo is the key to convincing his superiors that aliens do exist. Gonzo and Rizzo the Rat are taken to C.O.V.N.E.T. by agent Barker. Rizzo's antics cause himself to be flushed down a tube by a man in black. Rizzo ends up having to go through C.O.V.N.E.T.'s rat training and medical research held by Dr. Tucker, alongside other Muppet rats. After Miss Piggy interrogates Barker, she, Kermit, Fozzie Bear, Pepe the King Prawn, and Animal go to rescue Gonzo and Rizzo from C.O.V.N.E.T., using such inventions as a door in a jar, a rubber duck that emits invisibility spray, and mind control gas from Bunsen Honeydew and Beaker. An alien channeling his voice through a sandwich asks Gonzo where the alien ship can land, and Gonzo suggests Cape Doom, unaware that Agent Rentro is listening. The gang arrives at the military base to rescue Gonzo and Rizzo. They use invisible spray but when Fozzie washes his hands upon exiting the restroom it wears off. Animal is unleashed upon a female guard. Rizzo frees Gonzo from the dissection table while the rats attack Dr. Phil Van Neuter; Singer and General Luft witness the attack. Luft feels that his time has been wasted and leaves angry. Singer discovers from Rentro that Gonzo is heading for Cape Doom, and he prepares the Subatomic Neutro-Destabilizer to use on the aliens. Rentro tells Singer that his car has been impounded because of unpaid parking tickets; they use the company cara cement truck. The Muppets rescue Gonzo then go to Cape Doom; a crowd of alien-happy spectators await their arrival. The ship comes to Earth and the aliens, who all resemble Gonzo, explain that many years ago they lost him but now welcome him back into the fold. Singer shows up and tries to kill the aliens, but thanks to Rentro, he is unable to do so and is laughed at. Gonzo considers going into space with his long-lost family but chooses to stay with his fellow Muppet Show cast-mates. Singer is invited by the aliens to go with them and leaves as Earth's ambassador. As the Muppets are watching the stars from the roof, Gonzo tells Kermit he wonders why his family asked him to build a Jacuzzi. Pepe chuckles because he and Rizzo had pretended to be them and asked him to do it.
Willie Morris as an adult is looking back on his childhood in the early 1940s and how it was colored by his dearly beloved dog, a Jack Russell Terrier whom he had named Skip. In the beginning, Willie is a lonely 9-year old child with a gruff, proud father, a Spanish Civil War veteran, and a charismatic, talkative mother, a housewife, but he is an only child and small for his age with few friends. His one companion is a young man who lives next door, Dink Jenkins, who is the local sports hero in Mississippi. However, when Dink is drafted to go to war, Willie's mother decides to buy him a dog, against his father's wishes, in order that he should have some company. Willie and Skip become firm friends very quickly. However, Willie gets bullied at school by Big Boy Wilkinson, Henjie Henick, and Spit McGee, until Dink sends him a German helmet and belt from the front line. The other boys demand he play ball in order to win back his belongings. Skip leaps in to help him. That same day, the three boys talk Willie into spending the night in a graveyard, where they claim a witch is buried. If he stays there, he gets to join their gang and also keep the ball Dink Jenkins signed for them, and if not, he has to give them his German helmet. Willie stays there for a number of hours, until he hears two moonshiners who are loading crates into a crypt. Skip jumps on Millard, one the moonshiners, until the second one, Junior, comes at him with a spade. Willie uses a slingshot to hit Junior in the nose with an acorn and attempts to escape the graveyard with Skip. They are soon captured by Junior. He tells Willie not to move before sunrise or he will kill Skip. Then the two men leave. The three boys return in the morning and accept Willie into their group for spending the night in the graveyard. The narrator then goes on to explain various changes in his life. Skip, having always been a friendly dog, is known by everyone in the town, including black people, significant because Mississippi was still segregated at the time. Skip leads Willie through the best parts of his life; his boyhood days. Thanks to Skip, Willie now has three friends, and a girlfriend, Rivers. Skip is there for him when Dink gets home, shell-shocked and a drunkard since dishonourably discharged from the army, presumably for desertion. However, when Willies first ball game comes along, Skip and Willie have their first falling out. Dink promised to come along but does not bother. Since the war he has found competitions do not matter to him anymore, and Willie is so upset by this that his game is ruined. Skip, wanting to cheer him up, runs onto the field and sits wagging him tail, refusing to leave. Becoming increasingly frustrated, Willie hits him across the muzzle and he runs away. After the game, a devastated and tearful Willie is unable to find his dog. Unbeknownst to him, Skip had returned to the crypt, and been accidentally shut in the grave where moonshine alcohol was being stored. Dink, however, after explaining that he had been scarred by having to kill in the war, tells Willie nothing is ever lost for good and goes out to help him find Skip. As Willie searches in the graveyard, he hears Skip's barks, and can see that Junior is about to strike Skip with a spade. He runs to save him, but there is a thump and a whimper. Dink arrives, and manages to eject the two moonshiners, telling Junior that he'd better hope that Skip lives, but it is uncertain as to whether Skip will survive. As the family and friends gather in solemnity in the vet's waiting room, Willie weeps over his dogs vet bed, telling him everything he ever should have done; that he will never have a true friend more dear like him again. Skip awakens, licking his hands and face. The film concludes with Willie explaining his friendship with Skip, that he had been an only child and Skip an only dog. When Willie leaves to go to Oxford University in the United Kingdom, Skip remains with Willie's parents, sleeping in Willie's old room, and then dies on Willies bed, being buried under the elm tree. The closing line adds, "That wasn't totally true. For he really laid buried...in my heart".
Wyoming ranchers Rob and Nell McLaughlin somewhat reluctantly decide to give their 10-year-old son, Ken, a chance to raise a horse and learn about responsibility. He chooses a one-year-old filly and names her Flicka, which ranch hand Gus informs him is a Swedish word for "girl." Rising debts and a "loco" strain have created problems for the McLaughlins. They accept a $500 offer from a neighboring rancher for the young filly's mother, Rocket, but the mare is accidentally killed while she is being loaded into a van. The situation gets worse when Flicka is badly cut by barbed wire and the wound becomes infected. Ken cares for her best he can, but the infection leads father Rob to conclude that the horse must be put down. A gunshot by his father makes Ken fear the worst, but it turns out he was warding off a mountain lion after being warned by Flicka. The filly's life is spared, and young Ken nurtures her back to health.
Minty accidentally breaks the "Here Comes Christmas Candy Cane", which apparently guides Santa Claus to Ponyville. To try to make up for doing this, Minty gives each pony one of her socks. When Pinkie Pie finds out what Minty has done, Minty states that the sock giving is a bad idea, and then decides she should go to the North Pole herself to set things right. Minty is terrible at balloon flying, so the chase is on to save her in the process of saving Christmas.
The My Scene girls are attending high school in Manhattan when they find out there's a new teen spy movie called "Spy Society" being filmed there, starring Lindsay Lohan and fictional character Ryan Ridley. While the girls, Barbie, Chelsea, Madison, Nolee, and Delancey, go to watch it being filmed, they get the idea to sneak into the film by pretending to be extras. After a while, the girls learn that making a movie isn't as exciting as one would think and that there's actually a lot of work that goes into it, such as having to wait for hours before being called to the set, and Chelsea keeps getting horrible roles such as towel girl, trash girl and cleaning up after the horses. The girls imagine themselves becoming best friends with Lindsay Lohan, who turns out to be really nice and down-to-earth. When one of the actresses on the set gets hurt and is unable to play her part, Madison's called in to take her place. The actress she's replacing plays the movie's lead female villain, although the character only has five speaking lines After a while, the fame starts going to Madison's head. She also thinks that she and Ryan are dating as they always go out together and the tabloids refer to as "Ryan's Mystery Girl." When she gets invited to a party with Ryan and Lindsay, her friends show up to surprise her. But Madison's very rude to them and pretends that she does not know them. She starts to act and dress like a diva, and avoid her lifelong friends. This causes her friends to become mad at her and start avoiding her. When shooting is about to wrap in New York, Madison asks Ryan how they will handle their relationship. He explains that he does not see her as his girlfriend, leaving her heartbroken. Lindsay witnesses this and goes to the other girls, who seem unfazed by the encounter. Lindsay goes on tell them that Madison cares about them and needs them now more than ever. The girls go to Madison's place, where Madison apologizes to her friends for her recent behavior. In the end, they are all invited to the red carpet opening of the movie. There, when Ryan tries to get Madison and Lindsay's attention, they ignore him and go to watch the movie with the other girls.
The story revolves around twelve-year-old Sam Gribley, a devotee of Thoreau. He decides to leave Toronto to spend time alone in the Canadian woods to see if he can make it as a self-sufficient spirit after his parents' promised summer trip doesn't pan out. He also wants to work on an algae experiment while he is there. Sam's immediate companion is Gus, his pet raccoon, which lives with him in the city. He gathers supplies at a local store, hops on a bus, and heads down the 401 with Gus to what he calls "the Laurentian Mountains of Quebec". In actuality he ends up in the picturesque town of Knowlton, Quebec, southeast of Montreal, in the Notre Dame Mountains Range of the northern Appalachian Mountains chain along the eastern coast of North America from northern Georgia. Here he finds the perfect mountain stream and pond location to build a home in an old dead tree. He begins his long-planned algae experiments and proves his ability as a solitary young Thoreau living off the land and communing fully with nature. Sam wants badly not to have to feel needful of the urban and modern world, however, the sight of a falcon overhead inspires his curiosity about falconry. He journeys back to Knowlton and to the local library, where the librarian and bird-enthusiast Miss Turner supplies him with books on falconry. He steals a chick from a local falcon's nest. It, whom he names Frightful, becomes his new best friend and food supplier, after he teaches it to hunt. One day, returning to his tree home, he finds an older man there. Bando is a wandering folk singer traveling the world in search of folk songs and traditions. They share survival ideas, lore with one another, and enlighten each other's worlds. They enjoy each other's pancake recipes.. Sam and Bando bond over the summer, but as September's cold air approaches, Bando tells Sam that he has to leave before winter comes on. They climb the nearby mountain together and Bando says his good-byes. Sam is lonely. Frightful is killed by an insensitive hunter. Sam is devastated, but still manages to survive as winter sets in. His bright demeanor returns as he witnesses the local fauna playing in the winter snow. He also has the warmth of his tree home in place after building a makeshift chimney out of clay from his pond. Sam and Gus sleep by the fire as a terrible blizzard sweeps in. Soon their tree home is blanketed in snow, and without air they will suffocate in the smoke-filled chamber. Panic-stricken, Sam begins to dig his way through the snowed-in doorway to the outside air. Luckily, Bando and Miss Turner have decided to pay him a Christmas visit. They help dig him and Gus out. The four have a Christmas celebration and sing "Good King Wenceslas" over Bando's guitar playing. Bando shows Sam newspaper reports of his parents' concern over their missing son. He decides that he should go home, knowing that he accomplished even more than he set out for. The four head off around the side of the mountain.
On a farm during World War II, while her husband is away at war, Isabel Green is driven to her wits end by her hectic life. Between trying to keep the family farm up and running and her job in the village shop, run by the slightly mad Mrs. Docherty, she also has three boisterous children to look after, Norman, Megsie, and Vincent. When her children's two wealthy cousins, Cyril and Celia, also then come to live with them, Isabel requires childcare help. When the magical Nanny McPhee arrives, the children at first do not listen and carry on fighting, which she soon puts a stop to. Meanwhile, Isabel's brother-in-law, Phil, has gambled away his half of the farm, and is being chased by two hired-assassin women under casino owner Mrs. Biggles. He desperately attempts to make Isabel sell her half of the farm, using mean and spiteful schemes to leave her no choice. Isabel takes the children on a picnic during which an ARP Warden, Mr. Docherty, warns them about bombs and how he imagines a pilot might accidentally release his bomb. At the end of the picnic, Uncle Phil delivers a telegram saying Isabel's husband has been killed in action. Isabel and everyone else believes the telegram, but Norman says that he can "feel it in his bones" that his father is not dead. He tells this to Cyril, who at first says it is just because he is upset, but then agrees Norman might be right, so the two boys ask Nanny McPhee to take them to the War Office in London, where Cyril and Celia's father works. There, Nanny McPhee and the boys ask Cyril's father Lord Gray, who is very important in the War Office, what has happened to Mr. Green. At first Lord Gray sneers at Norman's disbelief at his father's death, but after Cyril blurts out that he knows that his parents are getting a divorce, Lord Gray checks what has happened. While he is gone, Cyril tells Norman that he and Celia have been sent away because their parents will be splitting up, and Norman asks where Cyril and Celia will live. When Cyril replies "with Mum, I suppose, not that it makes much difference, she only ever really sees us when she wants to show us off", Norman tells Cyril that he and Celia are welcome to live on the farm with the Greens. Lord Gray returns and tells Norman that his father is not dead, but missing in action, and that there is no record of a telegram being sent to his mother. After the boys leave, Norman deduces that Uncle Phil forged the telegram. While the boys were at the War Office, Megsie, Celia and Vincent were trying to stop Isabel from signing the papers and selling the farm. Just as Isabel is about to sign the papers, a German pilot accidentally drops a huge bomb; it shakes everything but does not explode and is left sticking out of the barley field. When Nanny McPhee returns with Norman and Cyril, Norman accuses Phil of forgery, which he admits to, and Isabel handcuffs him to the stove. The children go out to watch Mr. Docherty dismantle the bomb, but he falls from the ladder. Megsie takes over, and succeeds with the help of the other children and Nanny McPhee's jackdaw, Mr. Edelweiss. After Nanny McPhee helps to harvest the barley with a little magic, saving Phil from Mrs. Biggles' hitwomen in the process, it is revealed that old Mrs. Docherty is in fact baby Agatha from the first film and that Nanny McPhee has been staying with her. As Nanny McPhee walks away from the now happy family, the children and Isabel chase after her, only to see Mr. Green, in army uniform and with an injured arm, making his way to them. He runs to his family and they embrace.
Eleven-year-old Napoleon lives with his grandfather. He and his grandfather adopt a lion named Major when by chance they meet an old clown who cannot take him back to Europe. The old lion has bad teeth and only drinks milk so they put Major in the chicken cage to look after him. When Napoleon's grandfather dies of old age, Napoleon asks a young grad student named Danny to help bury his grandfather. Uncertain about his future Napoleon runs off with the lion, a pet rooster, and his friend Samantha to try to find Danny, now a goat herder who lives in the mountains, and so Napoleon can avoid being sent to an orphanage. Along their way, the two children encounter many dangers. Napoleon nearly falls off a cliff, but Major manages to pull him up with a rope. They have to cross a river which Major does not like, since most cats are afraid of water. A cougar attacks Napoleon's rooster, but Major easily defeats the much smaller cat and chases it up a tree. While Napoleon is out looking for wood he comes across an angry black bear that chases him back to where Samantha is resting with Major. At first, Major is too tired and wants to sleep while Samantha desperately tries to wake him. But as soon as the lion hears the roar of the bear, he stands up to challenge his opponent and protect the children. As the bear is much closer in size to Major than the cougar was, the two beasts fight hard but Major eventually gains the upper hand and the bear runs away. Eventually the children find Danny's cabin and he takes them in with the hope of convincing Napoleon that orphanages really aren't that bad. Danny leaves the kids with a man he recently met and attempts to find Samantha's family to notify them but he is arrested and accused of kidnapping the children. While at the police station, Danny notices a photo of the man he left the kids with, who happens to be a dangerous psychopath and escapes to rescue them. He steals a motorcycle and the police chase him all the way back to his cabin where they find and arrest the wanted man. When things are back to normal, Napoleon takes Major and tries to run away again to live with the Indians but Danny catches up. Danny explains that the Indians don't really live out in the wild anymore and that Napoleon should give foster care a try with a promise that Major could stay in the mountains and live with him. Napoleon agrees and they go back to Danny's cabin.
National Velvet is the story of a 14-year-old, horse-crazy girl, Velvet Brown, who lives in the small town of Sewels in Sussex, England. She wins a spirited gelding in a raffle and decides to train him for the Grand National steeplechase. Velvet is aided by a penniless young drifter named Mi Taylor, who discovered Mrs. Brown's name and address among his late father's effects, though he is unaware of why it was there. Hoping to profit from the association, Mi accepts an invitation to dinner and a night's lodging at the Browns' home, but Mrs. Brown is unwilling to allow Mi to trade on his father's good name and remains vague about their connection. Nevertheless, she convinces her husband to hire Mi over his better judgment, and Mi is brought into the home as a hired hand. It is revealed that Mi's career as a jockey ended in a collision which resulted in another jockey's death. Mi has not held a job since, and now hates horses. Velvet names the horse she won, "The Pie", because his previous owner, Mr. Ede, called the troublesome gelding a pirate. Seeing Pie's natural talent, Velvet pleads with Mi to train him for the Grand National. Mi believes it a fool's errand, not because the horse lacks ability, but because they have no way to finance the effort. He makes his case to Mrs. Brown, but she consents to Velvet's desire to train the horse. To cover the entrance fee and other costs, Mrs. Brown gives Velvet her prize money for swimming the English Channel. Velvet and Mi train the horse and enter him into the race. Mi and Velvet travel to the Grand National. Mi hires a professional jockey, but the night before the race, Velvet senses he lacks faith in the Pie and will lose. Velvet convinces Mi to dismiss the jockey, leaving them without a rider. That night, Mi overcomes his fear of riding and intends to race Pie himself. Instead, he discovers that Velvet has slipped on the jockey silks and intends to ride herself. Knowing the dangers, Mi unsuccessfully attempts to dissuade Velvet, who is determined to ride. As the race unfolds, Velvet and Pie clear all hurdles and win the race. Elated but exhausted, Velvet falls off her mount at the finish. After the track doctor discovers that Velvet is a girl, Velvet and Pie are disqualified. Velvet, who expected to be disqualified, only wanted to prove that Pie is a champion. Velvet becomes a media sensation and is offered large amounts of money to travel to Hollywood and be filmed with Pie. To her father's disappointment, Velvet tearfully refuses the offers, claiming that Pie would dislike being stared at. Velvet says that she raced Pie at the Grand National because he deserved a chance for greatness. Velvet chooses a normal life for her and her horse. At the close of the film, Mi, ready to resume his old life, takes his leave without bidding Velvet goodbye. Before he gets too far, Mrs. Brown gives Velvet permission to reveal her relationship with his father. Velvet gallops off on Pie and find Mi on the road. She tells him that his father was Mrs. Brown's coach as the first woman to swim the English Channel. The film differs from the book in a number of respects. For example, Velvet's horse in the book is a piebald, and thus is given the name "The Piebald" or "The Pie" for short. In the movie, Pie is a chestnut, and another explanation for his name was given. Velvet, in the book, is a sickly child who is given to great imagination and spirit; her father is stern and given to anger, but the mother is stronger still and stands up to him . Since her days as a swimmer she has become a large woman, and weighs 16 stone224 pounds at the time of the story, and warns Velvet never to allow herself to be burdened by weight. In the book Mr. and Mrs. Brown also have a 15-year-old daughter named Meredith, in addition to Edwina, Malvolia, Velvet, and Donald. The Meredith character does not appear in the movie.
In World War II, Jane is Wendy Darling's daughter who refuses to believe in stories about Peter Pan and dismisses them as foolish nonsense. That night she is mistakenly abducted by Captain Hook and his crew, who sail through the sky on their pixie-dust enchanted ship, evade an air raid alert and escape back to Neverland. There, Hook plans to feed Jane to the octopus in order to lure Peter into a trap. However, Peter rescues Jane and Hook escapes from the octopus, returning to the ship. After recognizing and asking Jane to follow Wendy's footstep, Peter takes her to his hideout to be the mother of the Lost Boys, but Jane refuses and gets stranded. The next day as the boys fail to teach Jane about flying, she upsets them and does not believe in fairies, making Tinker Bell sick. That night, Hook tricks Jane by lying that he will not harm Peter and she agrees to help him find the treasure. Hook gives Jane a whistle to signal him when she finds it and leaves. Jane asks Peter and the boys to play a game of "treasure hunt", and they wish Jane to believe in fairies and save Tinker Bell. As Jane finds the treasure and changes her mind into discarding the whistle, the boys make her the "Lost Girl" before Tootles finds and inadvertently blows the whistle. As the pirates arrive to capture the boys, Hook reveals Jane was an accomplice. As Jane tries to tell Peter she never agreed to anything, Peter doesn't believe her and tells Jane that Tinker Bell has been hurt and unconscious as he's being dragged away by the pirates. Horrified, Jane rushes back to the hideout to Tinker Bell's body, but she revives. They head to the ship and see Hook forcing Peter to walk the plank. With Tinker Bell's help, Jane learns to fly. As Peter drops the anchor on the ship and sinks into the sea, the pirates, riding on a rowboat, are pursued by the octopus. After saying goodbye to the boys, Peter escorts Jane back home, where Jane reconciles with Danny. Peter and Tinker Bell meet Wendy again, though she is already an adult, and they say goodbye. As Edward returns home from the war, Peter and Tinker Bell fly back to Neverland.
17-year-old identical twin sisters Jane and Roxy Ryan are completely different and never see eye to eye. They live with their widowered father, and attend the fictional Atta Westland Grove High Van School in Syosset, a suburban Long Island town. Over a 24-hour period, the two begrudgingly journey together into the city for Jane, an uptight overachiever, to deliver a speech to qualify for a prestigious college scholarship abroad, and for Roxy, a laid-back punk-rock rebel, to get backstage at a music video shoot so that she can give her demo tape to the group. Jane and Roxy board the train into New York but are soon thrown off together after Roxy is found without a ticket. At the station, Jane bumps into Jim, and they flirt back and forth before he gets on the train. Meanwhile, Roxy becomes unknowingly involved in a shady black-market transaction after an illegal chip device is mistakenly planted in her bag. Bennie Bang, the man behind the plan, offers Roxy a ride in a swanky limousine and she accepts, dragging Jane along who is reluctant about getting into cars with strangers. He locks them inside but they escape through the sun roof and he chases them into the city subway where they help one another to fight him off. Meanwhile, Max Lomax, an overzealous truant officer, is on the hunt to find Roxy after news of her continuously missing school and forging absence letters from her father. Several unlucky incidents occur as they begin their journey such as Jane's heels snapping and being drenched by a hobo's blue slush drink. At the nearest store, Jane realizes she's left her day planner in the limo, which has "her whole life" in it including money and the prompt cards needed her for college speech later that day. To clean up, they break into a posh hotel room and soon receive a phone call from Bennie who threatens to meet him to give the chip back or they won't get the day planner, but before they can leave, they meet Trey, the son of the powerful Senator who's staying at the hotel, and his dog, Reinaldo, who swallows the chip. They are forced to take Reinaldo with them. They make their way to their destinations and decide to part ways. Roxy heads to the Simple Plan video shoot being followed by Max, while Jane goes to meet Bennie for an exchange. When he finds out the dog, Reinaldo, has swallowed the chip, he tries to attack Jane who flees from the car and goes to find Roxy. While running from Max and Bennie, the two end up on stage with the band and crowd surf to get away. Trey is also trying to find Roxy who runs into Bennie and gets kidnapped in the trunk of his car. Meanwhile, Jane and Roxy end up in the underground sewer with Reinaldo with Jane's speech in less than two hours. A little later, they walk into the House of Bling where Big Shirl gives them both a makeover. Max hunts them down and they escape in a cab even when Jane failed her driving test. They accidentally pick up the same man that Roxy spilled her drink on in the train. When they stop, they argue. Jane explains that Roxy has never been there for her and never takes life seriously, and she feels she stopped taking responsibility for anything after their mother died, leaving Jane in charge. Conversely, Roxy believes Jane doesn't need to take control of everything and feels she's been pushed away, since she wasn't even invited to Jane's speech. Jane goes to meet Bennie who throws her in the back of a van with Reinaldo and drives her to see his mother who is in charge of the whole operation: they buy and sell illegal pirated DVDs and CDs. Roxy finds Bennie's limo and retrieves Jane's day planner, but finds Trey locked in the trunk. They both rush to the building where Jane is meant to give her speech, while Jane fends off Bennie and escapes once again and then runs into Jim who gives her a ride to the same place. When they arrive, Roxy pretends to be Jane so she can give a speech on time, but drops the prompt cards beforehand and has to make it up on the spot, which confuses the judges. The head judge is Senator Hudson McGill, the man from the train and the taxi, alongside Trey's mother, Senator Anne Lipton. Jane turns up just in time who tries to explain what their day has been like and the reason for why she wasn't there. Suddenly, Max intervenes who tries to arrest Roxy and Bennie appears who tries to kidnap Jane, but they both exploit his illegal doings and he is arrested by Max. Knowing she has no opportunity to give her speech, Jane leaves with Roxy. Outside, Hudson McGill catches up to Jane who found her prompt cards and gives her a college scholarship to Oxford, because she "didn't just want to win, she absolutely refused to fail." Months later, Roxy is in the studio recording with her band, watched by Jane, Trey and Jim, who celebrate all together.
The teenager Nicholas Borelli II lives with his parents in a typical US small town. His life is not very exciting, especially since his parents are overbearing with regard to germs and diet. He is to spend the summer holidays in a math camp, while his parents are working in Papua New Guinea. However, the camp does not take place. Seeing difficulty in getting Nicholas to Papua New Guinea, he is sent to spend the summer in Brooklyn, New York City, with his paternal grandmother Tutti and his uncle Frankie, both of whom he's never met. First, Nicholas is overwhelmed by life in the big city. Besides, he does not dare to ask his uncle about his job, since his father had persuaded him to stay away from Frankie, since he would not fit into the family. Nicholas finds connection to the New York teenagers Donna and Tommy, who help him to get along in the metropolis. Over time, the clues are growing that Frankie is working for the Mafia. When Nicholas takes a phone call on Frankie's private phone, he takes a job for a certain Paulie, which actually leads him into a mafia environment. Inspired by one of his favorite movies, he gives himself the name 'Nicky Deuce'. By chance, he gains some recognition within the gangster ring, which brings him further orders. Nicky is also sure his uncle is a mafioso, as the orders were intended for him. Nicky, Donna and Tommy are discovering that the Gangster gang is cheating on horseback in a big way by conditioning their own racehorses through hypnosis and launching them as outsiders. Through a keyword, the horse is "switched" in the race, wins the race, and the gang around Paulie cashes large amounts of money. Tommy is accidentally hypnotized too. The teenagers kidnap the racehorse, whereupon the gangsters kidnap Tutti. However, Nicky and the gang's attempt to exchange Tutti for the racehorse fails. Nicky, Donna, Tommy, Tutti and Frankie, as well as Nicky's parents are overwhelmed and tied up by the gangsters. They manage to free themselves, but can no longer prevent the manipulated horse breeding. When Paulie wants to pick up his winnings, Frankie reveals his true profession: as a covert investigator of the NYPD, he was thrown into the Gangster gang to reveal their criminal machinations; the gang is caught in flagranti and arrested. Nicky's dad now sees Frankie in a new light and they reconcile. Tutti tells Nicky's parents to allow him to have more excitement in his life. The group attends a dance together, and Nicky and Donna kiss.
Tom Brand is a major business tycoon in New York City whose workaholic attitude ruined his first marriage with Madison and caused a rift between him and his adult son David who now works for him and strives for his approval. He now lives with his second wife Lara, who is a little more tolerant of the fact that he is never at home, and his daughter Rebecca. His eponymous company FireBrand is nearing completion on its greatest achievement to date: the tallest skyscraper in the northern hemisphere that will be the new headquarters. In the opening scene, he skydives out of a plane and lands on the top of the new skyscraper. His son, who is his assistant, remains in the plane, refusing to jump. Rebecca's 11th birthday is coming and she has always wanted a cat, but Tom has always refused as he hates cats. Not wanting to disappoint her, he rushes to get a last-minute present for his daughter's birthday, but as he is distracted, the GPS redirects him to a mysterious pet store called Purrkins Pet Shop, brimming with odd and exotic cats. The store's eccentric owner Felix Perkins tells him he does not pick the cat, the cat picks him. The tomcat that picked him is called Mr. Fuzzypants. Perkins says he has used up seven of his nine lives. Tom takes the cat. Tom is on his way home for the party when he decides to see Ian Cox, one of the top managers of the company in charge of the new building, and learns that another building in Chicago will be taller. They have an argument while on the roof that ends with Brand firing Cox, but lightning strikes the antenna. Brand is blown off the building along with the cat, and without any effort from Cox to save him, he plummets off the side of the skyscraper, but his leg gets snagged on some stray equipment and gets flung back inside through a window as he passes out. When he wakes up, he realizes that his human body is in the hospital in a state of coma, and his consciousness is trapped inside of the cat's body. Felix goes to visit Tom. He is able to talk to him and knows what happened. He is told by Felix that he must reevaluate his priorities, connect with his family, and avoid past mistakes within one week or else be stuck as a cat forever. Lara and Rebecca take him home. Mr. Fuzzypants acts in an odd and stubborn way to try to convince his wife and daughter that hes actually Tom. This only drives them mad and he slowly comes to see how much he has ignored his family. He also learns that Ian is trying to make the company public with the help of the board of directors to take power from Tom, even though David is trying to stop him. Ian has David fired from the company and plans to announce that the company will be sold at the party for the new tower opening. Eventually Rebecca realizes that Mr. Fuzzypants is really her father. Meanwhile, Tom's body is in crisis at the hospital and Lara, David, and Rebecca all go there. Rebecca has the cat hidden in her backpack. In a moment alone, David tells Tom that he is sorry he failed to save the company and he takes Tom's ID badge. It is implied that David plans to commit suicide at the tower. At the hospital, Lara and Dr. Cole plan to disconnect Tom's respirator and let him die. Rebecca calls to the cat to come prove he's really Tom, but Tom remembers what Mr. Perkins said about love being sacrifice and decides to go after David instead, knowing that his human body will die and he will be trapped as a cat forever. At the tower, David jumps off the building and the cat jumps after him pulling a cable. It is then revealed that David is wearing a BASE jumping parachute. He lands in the middle of the party, presents the articles of incorporation of the company, and announces that he now controls his father's 51% of the stock. He says the company will remain a family company and fires Ian. Although the cat is not seen landing, Tom wakes up from his coma just in time to see David's announcement on the television. Meanwhile, Ian passes Mr. Perkins who tells him to hang up his cell phone. Ian ignores him, but is then hit by a car, and his consciousness transfers into a cat that Mr. Perkins takes back to his shop. Tom and Rebecca return to Purrkins where Tom asks if he has any dogs. Perkins says he does not, but presents Mr. Fuzzypants who has one life left.
In the aging orphanage, the days pass very uneventfully, but the nights are something quite different; at least for Tim they are. The light reflected from the stars is the only cure for his fear of the dark. The other kids get mad at Tim after he refuses to retrieve a ball that fell into the basement, due to the darkness. One night, the other kids steal the doorknob to the doors to the window that he has been keeping, forcing Tim to travel to the rooftop to see his favorite star. Once there, he manages to spot it, when suddenly it disappears. Unfortunately, it's not going to be the last one. Tim also discovers a peculiar character that goes by the name of the Cat Shepherd together with his faithful cat Tobermory, the latter to become Tim's personal guardian. The Shepherd is in charge of making children sleep peacefully, but Tim is not about to go to bed. He needs his star more than anything in the world, and will do what it takes to see it shine in the night sky once again. Tim convinces the Shepherd to take him to see Moka, the guardian of the night within the Night World and pleads for him to return the stars to the night sky. Moka pays scarce attention to the boy's pleas, so Tim asks the Cat Shepherd to take him to the Lighthouse of the Stars, where he thinks he may find the answer to the strange phenomena. Tim, the Shepherd, and Tobermory race against the clock through the streets of Nocturna, a world in which hundreds of the most diverse creatures work to create the night as we all know it. Little by little our friends will discover something strange is happening. An ominous threat, known as "The Darkness", is putting the night and the inhabitants of Nocturna in danger. In the end, it turns out that The Darkness was created through Tim's fear of the dark. After tricking the Darkness into approaching him, Tim manages to overcome his fear, defeat The Darkness, and save Nocturna. The next day, Tim surprises his friends by retrieving the ball from the basement. Impressed, they decide to play with him again.
In 1860s post-U.S. Civil War Texas, Jim Coates leaves home to work on a cattle drive, leaving behind his wife Katie, older son Travis and younger son Arliss. While Jim is away, Travis sets off to work in the cornfield, where he encounters a dog named "Old Yeller", a golden retiever mix. He was called that because "yeller" is a dialect pronunciation of yellow and the fact that his bark sounds more like a human yell. Travis unsuccessfully tries to drive the dog away, but Arliss likes him and defends him from Travis. However, the dog's habit of stealing meat from smokehouses and robbing hens' nests does not endear him to Travis. Later, Arliss tries to capture a black bear cub by feeding it cornbread and grabbing it. Its angry mother hears her cub wailing and attacks, but Old Yeller appears and drives her off, earning the affection of the family. Travis grows to love and respect Old Yeller, who comes to have a profound effect on the boy's life. Old Yeller's owner, Burn Sanderson, shows up looking for his dog, but comes to realize that they need him more than he does, and agrees to trade him to Arliss in exchange for a horny toad and a home-cooked meal. Sanderson takes Travis aside and warns him of the growing plague, hydrophobia. One day, Travis sets out to trap feral hogs. On the advice of Bud Searcy, he sits in a tree, trying to rope them from above as Old Yeller keeps them from escaping. Travis falls into the group of hogs, one of which injures him. Old Yeller attacks it and rescues Travis, who escapes with a badly hurt leg. Old Yeller is seriously wounded as well. Searcy warns them of hydrophobia in the area and is chastised by Mama for trying to scare Travis. The boars did not have hydrophobia, and both Travis and Old Yeller fully recover. However, the family soon realize that their cow, Rose, has not been allowing her calf to feed and may have rabies. Watching her stumble about, Travis confirms it and shoots her. While Katie and Lisbeth Searcy burn the body that night, a rabid wolf attacks. Old Yeller defends the family, but he is bitten in the struggle before Travis can shoot and kill the wolf with the rifle. They pen Old Yeller in the corn crib for several weeks to watch him. Soon when Travis goes to feed him, he growls and snarls at him. After he nearly attacks Arliss, who, not understanding the danger, had attempted to open the corn crib, a grieving Travis is forced to shoot him. In doing so, he takes his first step toward adulthood. Heartbroken from the death of his beloved dog, Travis refuses the offer of a new puppy fathered by Old Yeller. Jim comes home with a bagful of money and presents for his family. Having learned about Old Yeller's fate from Mama, he explains the facts about life and death to Travis. When they get back to the farm, the young puppy steals a piece of meat, a trick he learned from his father. Travis adopts him, naming him "Young Yeller" in honor of his father.
Oliver Twist is born at the workhouse of Mr. Bumble, where he is left an orphan as his mother dies shortly after giving birth to him. Mr. Bumble, just as he does with all his other orphans, puts Oliver to daily work, giving him in exchange little more than a daily bowl of porridge. One day, outraged that Oliver would dare supplicate for more food, Mr. Bumble sells the boy to Mr. Sowerberry, an undertaker, who makes him an apprentice at his funeral home. There, Oliver is humiliated and insulted by Noah, Mr. Sowerberry's other apprentice. Tired of this life, Oliver runs away from the funeral home and heads for the city of London where he meets the Artful Dodger. The Artful Dodger takes Oliver to the home of Fagin, a seemingly kind old man who turns homeless boys into shameless pickpockets. There, Oliver is trained to wander the streets stealing from ladies and gentlemen. When Oliver witnesses the Artful Dodger and another boy named Charlie stealing the handkerchief of Mr. Brownlow as he browses the books at a street bookshop, Oliver flees. The suspicious act on Oliver's part arouses the attention of Mr. Brownlow and accuses him of theft. When caught, Oliver is taken before a magistrate treated as a cold-blooded criminal and sentenced. Mr. Brownlow confronts the magistrate, telling him that his sentence is too harsh and that he never did see Oliver actually steal the piece of cloth. Mr. Brownlow takes a liking towards Oliver and invites him to live in his home. Mr. Monks, a sinister man, seeks information about Oliver from Mr. and Mrs. Bumble, when they present him with a locket that the old nurse Sally had taken from Oliver's mother. Mr. Monks wishes Oliver to be involved in a crime and imprisoned, so he may claim the inheritance that is rightfully Oliver's.
A woman gives birth to a boy in an orphanage owned by the Widow Corney, dying as she does so. She leaves him a locket, containing a portrait of her mother, which Corney takes. Her assistant names the child Oliver Twist from his rotating alphabetical list of names. Six years later, Oliver, now working in the orphanage, requests to see his locket. Corney says he can have it when hes twelve. Six years later, Oliver is forced on the night before his 12th birthday into drawing straws at dinner for who has to ask Corney for more food. After drawing the shortest one, she throws him out of the workhouse for daring to ask her such a question without his locket. He returns to steal it at night and heads out to London. Once there, Oliver, hungry, is stopped from stealing an apple by a young man named Jack Dawkins, also known as the Artful Dodger, who explains that hes a professional thief and proud of his work. He offers to take Oliver in with the band of boys he lives with and his boss, Fagin, an old and sly man who teaches the group how to steal. Upon arriving, Fagin takes Oliver's locket as Oliver is dressed and welcomed. Oliver also meets Bill Sikes-a thief and murderer to whom Fagin owes an enormous sum-and his kind girlfriend, Nancy. Dodger begins to teach Oliver about the art of thievery that same day. At night, Oliver catches Fagin admiring his treasure which he keeps hidden in a box and is threatened with death if he steals from it. However, when asked, Fagin admits that it is where he is keeping Oliver's locket. Three months later, Oliver is sent out to pick his first pocket as Dodger orchestrates the plan. While stealing a watch, Oliver is caught red-handed. Thinking quickly, Dodger grabs the watch instead and runs off with Oliver, but he escapes while Oliver is mistakenly identified as the thief. Dodger quietly hurries to court to try to rescue him, where Mr. Brownlow's niece, Rose, has testified for Oliver that he was not the boy, and Oliver refused to name the culprit. Rose offers Oliver to be a guest at their mansion in Grosvenor Square. There, he sees a portrait on the wall of the same lady his locket contains. When told it is Mr. Brownlow's late wife, and that they had one daughter who always carried a gold locket with that portrait, he and Rose realize that it means he may be Mr. Brownlow's grandson and her cousin. Meanwhile, Dodger manages to locate Oliver. Deciding that he knows too much about the group to be left on his own, Sikes convinces Fagin to let him kidnap Oliver with Dodger and Nancy's help. However, Nancy does so unwillingly, and Dodger refuses to put Oliver in the bag intended to be used for his abduction. Back at the hideout, Oliver confirms that he let nothing slip about the group, but tells Nancy that he loved the Brownlows. Nancy tries to return Oliver to the mansion, but is seen in the street by Sikes and forced to go back. Suspicious, Sikes hires Dodger to follow her the next day. Sikes later weasels out of Oliver that he knows where Fagin's treasure is kept. At night, he forces him to go to the Brownlow's to steal at gunpoint. Inside, Oliver purposely drops the bag of silver he's holding to wake Rose. Sikes and Oliver escape, but Mr. Brownlow sees Oliver, confirming his suspicion that he is a thief. Dodger encourages Oliver to escape if he gets the chance. The next day, Nancy goes to the Brownlows unknowlingly followed by Dodger. She tells them of Oliver's abduction and agrees to return him at London Bridge at midnight. Dodger, threatened by Sikes, admits of overhearing the agreement. Still wanting Oliver to be free, he takes him to the bridge himself to throw Sikes off the trail. Unfortunately, Nancy, unaware of Dodger's plan, is murdered there by a furious Sikes who accuses her of double-crossing him. Meanwhile, Oliver has gone back to the hideout to retrieve his locket. Sikes walks in the door and sees the treasure. As he attempts to flee with it himslef, Fagin arrives, followed by Dodger who stops Sikes, furious at Nancy's murder. Nancy's dead body has been found, and the police follow Sikes's dog to the hideout. Sikes locks the door, takes the box and Oliver up to the roof, and leaves Dodger and Fagin below. On the roof, Oliver grabs the box from Sikes, who turns on him and slips. His neck gets caught in a coil of rope, and he is hung by the noose on the spot as the police watch. Dodger is arrested by them for his pilfering, and while Fagin negotiates with Oliver for the locket, ultimately returns it. The locket finally proves that Oliver is in fact Mr. Brownlows grandson by the matching of the portraits. After bidding a fond farewell to the arrested Dodger promising to see him again someday, Oliver is last seen sleeping happily in his new home.
After Santa Claus has noticed how many children have become naughty, he decides that he will not deliver presents to any children this year. But his daughter, Kristin Claus, thinks there is one more chance for a Christmas. Kristin took on the challenge of trying to deliver all the presents in the Mortal World. She made a deal with people in the North Pole that she would change a family on "Santa's Naughty List" to be on the "Nice List". She uses her magic to go to the Morgan house, a family of a single father and two spoiled children, and try to change them to nice. But the children are tricked by Rudolfa, Kristin's sister, who wants to turn Christmas into a joking holiday. Kristin was mistaken as a nanny for the children and played along with the role. The children begin to resent Kristin, and Kyle even told their dad that Kristin was dangerous. Kyle tries to engage Brittany into it. They treated Kristin badly and she left the Morgan house when no one was at home. Bill Morgan became work-obsessed since his wife died. On a work-trip he carried along the children and their uncle and took a rest stop at a diner. They met Kristin there and Bill convinced her to look after the children on the trip. The family take an unexpected detour. Rudolfa uses her magic to make a fake detour sign and sends the family in the middle of nowhere. She also sent an elf dressed as a deer into the middle of the road, causing them to swerve into a ditch. They spend the night at a nearby old, abandoned house, where Kristin confronts Bill about his own selfish ways. The kids continue to act selfish and bratty, but Bill and Kristin don't put up with it. Brittany soon realizes that she is behaving bratty and makes the family breakfast-in-bed from some food supplies she found in the house. A fire breaks out, and Kyle, the family's son almost dies. Kristin gives her immortality to save him, but she now cannot remember her past.
Irendri is a sorceress, who terrorises people of Anga Rajyam. A guru arrests her, doesn't allow her to play with the lives of people, and destroys her. Before she was destroyed, Irendri takes her soul away and traps it in a locket. Though she dies, her soul lives in the locket. Her great-great-granddaughter is Priya and she lives as a gypsy. She, too, possesses magical powers, as she was born into a sorceress' family. Yodha is a travelling swordsman who always romances women whenever there is opportunity. He is smitten by Priyas beauty and falls in love with her. Sudigundam is a local goon and he attacks the gypsies' village. Yodha prevents him and defeats him in a fight. However, Sudigundam makes a stealth attack, ties the hands of Yodha, and sets afire the entire village. In this process, the locket in Priya's neck falls down and Irendris soul comes out with the touch of fire. The sarpa sakthi tells her that she could gain power with a drop of Priya's blood. So, Irendri takes away Priya and imprisons her. Meanwhile, Yodha turns blind as Sudigundam pierces his eyes. However, Yodha gets saved by a swami and appoints to save a girl named Moksha, who has divine powers. Irendri, to take revenge, attacks Agartha, a village in Anga Rashtram and make the children of the village senseless. Druki goes to Pushpagiri to bring Moksha, who could save their children. Druki, Yodha and Moksha start from Pushpagiri and reach Agartha. At this juncture, the sarpa sakti tells Irendri that the blood of Moksha would make her invincible if it was taken by her on lunar eclipse day. So, Irendri sends her men to capture Moksha. But Yodha kills all of them. Irendri again sends Sudigundam, the commander-in-chief, to bring her. Yodha follows them in search of Moksha, finds Priya alive, and saves Moksha and Priya. Moksha brings back Yodhas vision with her divine power. Yodha decides to completely destroy Irendri as she is trying to harm people and succeeds in the climax.
Songwriter Roger Radcliffe lives in a bachelor flat in London, along with his Dalmatian, Pongo. Bored with bachelor life, Pongo decides to find a wife for Roger and a mate for himself. While watching various female dog-human pairs out the window, he spots the perfect one, a woman named Anita and her female Dalmatian, Perdita. He quickly gets Roger out of the house and drags him through the park to arrange a meeting. He and Anita fall in love and get married. Later, Perdita gives birth to a litter of fifteen puppies. That same night, they are visited by Cruella De Vil, a wealthy former schoolmate of Anita's. She offers to buy the entire litter, but Roger says they are not for sale. A few weeks later, she hires her henchmen, Jasper and Horace, to steal them. When Scotland Yard is unable to find them, Pongo and Perdita use the "Twilight bark", a canine gossip line, to ask for help from the other dogs in London. Colonel, an old sheepdog, along with his compatriots Captain, a gray horse, and Sergeant Tibbs, a tabby cat, find the puppies in a place called Hell Hall, along with many other Dalmatian puppies that she had bought from various dog stores. When Tibbs learns they are going to be made into dog-skin fur coats, Colonel quickly sends word back to London. Upon receiving the message, Pongo and Perdita leave town to retrieve their puppies. Winter has come, and they have to cross the Stour River which is running fast and laden with slabs of broken ice. Meanwhile, Tibbs overhears Cruella ordering Jasper and Horace to kill the puppies that night out of fear the police will soon find them. In response, Tibbs attempts to rescue them while Jasper and Horace are preoccupied watching television, but they finish their show and come for them before he can get them out of the house. Pongo and Perdita break in and confront Jasper and Horace just as they are about to kill the puppies. While the adult dogs attack them, Colonel and Tibbs guide the puppies from the house. After a happy reunion with their own puppies, Pongo and Perdita realize there are dozens of others with them, 99 altogether including their own. Shocked at Cruella's plans, they decide to adopt all of them, certain that Roger and Anita would never reject them. They begin making their way back to London through deep snow; all open water is frozen solid. Other animals help them along the way. Cruella, Jasper, and Horace chase them. In one town, they cover themselves with soot so they appear to be labrador retrievers, then pile inside a moving van bound for London. As it is leaving, melting snow clears off the soot and Cruella sees them. In a rage, she follows the van in her car and rams it, but Jasper and Horace, who try to cut it off from above, end up crashing into her. Both vehicles are smashed to smithereens and fall into a deep ravine; and battered, bruised and stranded, Cruella and her henchmen are defeated at last. Cruella yells in frustration as the van drives away but Jasper finally gets the courage to tell her to shut up. Back in London, Roger and Anita are attempting to celebrate Christmas and his first big hit, a song about Cruella, but they miss their canine friends. Suddenly, barking is heard outside and, after their nanny opens the door, the house is filled with dogs. After wiping away the rest of the soot, they are delighted to realize their companions have returned home. After counting 84 extra puppies, they decide to use the money from the song to buy a large house in the country so they can keep all 101 Dalmatians.
Set in the times of the Biblical Flood, Dave is a Nestrian, a clumsy, silly-looking, brightly-coloured creature whose only skills are making comfortable nests and secreting a foul smelling cloud of blue gas whenever he gets scared for his life. Dave is constantly moving around searching for a place to stay, a real home, much to the dismay of Finny, his son, who only wants to make friends. After hearing a rumor of a colossal wave that is said to cover the whole world, Dave packs up again and takes Finny to a giant gathering of animals where their only salvation awaits: a huge ark, big enough to fit in all the animals of the world, and built by a very nice human called Noah. Unfortunately, Dave and Finny are turned away as they're not on the Lion's list. The Lion manages all animal affairs on the ark. But it takes more than that to dissuade a Nestrian. With the use of some creative thinking, some Nestrian craftsmanship, and the involuntary help of the carnivorous Grymps, Hazel and her daughter Leah, they manage to sneak on the ark after all. Just when the day seemed to have been saved, Dave and Hazel realize that Finny and Leah have disappeared. Their curiosity having gotten the better of them, they were on the scaffolding as the tidal wave hit the boat and it sailed away. The parents panic as the ark sails off, leaving their children stranded on the last bit of land not yet engulfed by the water. Their desperate race against time begins. Leah, who is a born hunter and survivor is burdened with the clumsy and awkward Finny, but somehow they manage to escape from the rising water and the greedy and gruesome Griffins. Eventually they add two more odd creatures who were also rejected from the ark to their ranks. Finding his footing, surrounded by his new group of friends, Finny starts to emerge as the brave hero that he really is. Meanwhile their parents must get over their differences to work together, fight their way through gorilla guards and the vain and ruthless Lion to take control of the ark and save their children. Having had many adventures, the "fearless four" manage to fight off the continuing attacks of two griffins who see Leah and Finn as their dinner. The gargoyles are eaten by Obesey who falls in the sea some time later. As the water reaches the top of the mountain where Lea and Finny are, the parents manage to take control of the ship and steer it to the mountaintop. Leah and Finn manage to climb on a piece of floating ice when the water engulfs the mountain. When the ark passes their little iceberg, it turns out to be hard to climb on. Finny first manages to climb on the ark but does not want to leave Leah behind and jumps back on the iceberg. Then Leah jumps on board of the ark and uses her sharp claws to hold on. Finny tries to get back on the ark too, but falls in the water, seemingly unconscious or dying. When Dave tries to save Finny from drowning in the water the plot twist is revealed: Nestrians are really water creatures, perfectly able to breathe and swim while submerged. Obesey turns out to be a whale. This also explains why Dave was never feeling at home. In the final scenes Dave and Finny swim alongside the ark, waving at Leah and Hazel. On the deck of the ark the Lion Captain and his flamingo assistant discuss whether they should have told Dave and Finny in the beginning they were sea creatures. In the credits is seen when the Ark stops at the Mount Ararat and when all the animals leave the Ark,and the life of Dave and Finny after the Flood and they discover other Nestrians in the Sea.
The film takes place one year after the events of the first film. Elliot has grown giant new antlers and is getting married to Giselle. But during a mishap, Elliot's new antlers are cracked off and now look like they did in the first film, which upsets him. Luckily, his best friend, Boog and the others manage to cheer Elliot up by having a rabbit fight. But Elliot has new emotions about his marriage and feels reluctant to marry Giselle. Mr. Weenie finds a dog biscuit trail that his previous owners left behind and uncontrollably follows it. At the climax of the wedding, Elliot witnesses Mr. Weenie being taken away by his old owners, Bob and Bobbie. Elliot tells an exaggerated story to the other forest animals and decides to make a rescue mission to save him. The other ones that go on Elliot's rescue mission are Boog, Giselle, squirrel McSquizzy, Buddy the porcupine,, and ducks Serge and Deni. Meanwhile, the other pets meet. There is Fifi, a toy poodle and his basset hound companion Roberto, two cats named Stanley and Roger, and Southern dogs named Rufus, and Charlene. Fifi discusses his hatred for wild animals as one night he goes into the bushes to retrieve his chew toy and is "traumatized" by the wild animals inside, and accidentally gets his tail zapped by the bug lighter. He then tries to maul a nearby rabbit, until he's stopped by his owner. Meanwhile, the wilds find Weenie, much to Elliot's dismay, who does not want to marry Giselle. They try to free him while his owners are in a gas station. They free him from his chains, but accidentally leave him stuck in the RV along with Buddy. Elliot and Giselle get in a feud, and eventually leaves Elliot to search for Mr. Weenie himself, while Serge and Deni fly to look for him. The owners reach the pet camp with Mr. Weenie and a stowed away Buddy. The other pets meet with Weenie, and Fifi tries to revert Weenie back into his pet state, but Weenie resists. Buddy helps Weenie escape and Buddy tries to free Weenie from his shock collar. During the chase, Fifi gets shocked by the collar and gets the fur on his forehead burned, causing him to lose most of his sanity and vow revenge. Meanwhile, Serge and Deni return and explain they found Weenie and Buddy at a pet camp, which they already escaped from. Boog and the others set camp, and Boog fails to convince Giselle that Elliot is a good person and that they belong together. Elliot, meanwhile, is having a horrible time, following his own tracks that he confuses for Mr. Weenie's and gets his head stuck on a trash can lid all the while missing his friends. The wilds reach the pet camp, but the pets and their owners have already left, but realizes that they have gone to a resort called "Pet Paradiso", a vacation spot for pets. Weenie and Buddy find Elliot in the woods and convince him to go to Pet Paradiso to save his friends. The wilds reach Pet Paradiso and try to sneak in by disguising themselves as pets, with Giselle as a dalmatian and McSquizzy as a chihuahua. Boog attempts to sneak in as a cat, but gets the idea to be a sheepdog. Elliot also disguises himself as Boog's human owner. Giselle and McSquizzy walk around Pet Paradiso looking for Mr. Weenie, but their cover is blown and are kidnapped by Fifi and the other pets and taken to their secret lair. Elliot, Buddy and Mr. Weenie attempt to go inside to save Giselle and McSquizzy, but Mr. Weenie, missing being a pet again, goes to play on a waterslide, leaving the rest to be captured by Fifi. Fifi tries to kill them all with a pile of shock collars. As Boog tries to stop Mr. Weenie from going down the waterslide, his cover is blown as well and security attempts to tranquilize him. Before Fifi shocks the wilds into submission, Elliot tries to profess his love for Giselle. As Fifi is about to kill them, Boog, via the waterslide, enters the pets' lair, and the water from the waterslide forces everyone out of the lair. A battle between the wilds and pets ensues, with the Pet Paradiso security focused on tranquilizing the wilds. While Boog tricks security into tranquilizing themselves, Elliot saves Giselle, accidentally placing all the shock collars on himself. He wrestles Fifi in the pool for the shock collar remote; Fifi eventually grabs the remote and activates the collars, but then realizes that Elliot put all the collars on him. Fifi survives, but the electricity caused him to lose all his fur, humiliating him. The pets and the wilds settle their differences and decide to become friends. Mr. Weenie, wanting to be a pet again, decides to join the pets and returns to his owners in rejoice. Elliot finally professes his true feelings for Giselle, and they get married. Elliot soon loses his other antler.
One spring morning, Boog awakens after hibernation and plans an annual guys trip to spend time with his male best friends. Unfortunately, Elliot has distanced himself from Boog since he had started a family with Giselle. They are now the parents of three children: Gisela, Giselita, and Elvis. Boog is disappointed since everyone else wants to spend time with their families, which makes him go on the guys trip by himself with Dinkleman and Mr Weenie however, this soon leads him to a Russian traveling circus called the Maslova Family Circus. While in the circus, Boog meets Doug, a lazy, self-centered, mean, scruffy grizzly bear who is tired of performing in the circus on the sidelines. He craves recognition as a full-fledged king of the forest, the ruler of wildlife. Thinking up a plan, Doug lies to his best friend Alistair that he won't forget his help and convinces Boog to switch his life in the forest for Doug's place at the circus. Boog accepts the offer, but the whole thing turns out a scam because all Doug really wanted to do was escape from the circus. Meanwhile, Boog falls madly in love with Ursa, a female grizzly bear who was born in Russia and can effortlessly walk on a tightrope, juggle, and dance, but has no luck convincing her that he isn't Doug. She dares him to prove to her he isn't Doug by climbing up the high wire. Boog accepts the dare and climbs up the wire, but to his surprise, Ursa reveals she knew he wasn't Doug the moment he rode the unicycle. When Boog and Ursa begin working together, they obtain much more as a harmonious duet than it might seem at first glance. Meanwhile, Doug arrives at the forest and disguises himself as Boog by pushing his scruffy fur back with mud. However, Gisela and Giselita get suspicious when they notice "Boog" treating the wilds like slaves, so they report to Serge and Deni and request they find Giselle for help and they do so. Afterwards, when Boog's best friends find out about Boog's disappearance when Doug's cover is accidentally exposed, they put aside their differences and hatch a rescue mission to save Boog. Gisela comes up with the plan to save Boog and the gang go to the circus to go to rescue him. That night, the wilds arrive at the Maslova Family Circus. They want Boog to return home, but he doesn't want to leave Ursa. Suddenly, a reformed Doug arrives, apologizes to Boog for tricking him, and reunites with Alistair. While Doug performs the circus acts for the audience, Elliot tells Boog he can stay at the circus if he wants to. Boog doesn't want to leave Elliot or Ursa, so he convinces Ursa to go live in the forest with them. The next morning, Ursa enjoys life in the forest and becomes Boog's girlfriend, Gisela, Giselita, and Elvis' adoptive aunt, and Elliot and Giselle's sister-in-law. Finally, Boog, Elliot, and their male best friends go on the guys trip and sing part of Willie Nelson's "On the Road Again." In the ending credits, Doug and Alistair reveal a slideshow of them enjoying their tour around the world.
The film begins in a ghost town inhabited by a stone amulet shaped egg who is a great sorcerer. One day, the egg-Wizard prepares to make a spell that has so long been waiting. Passing the list of ingredients, he learns that one is missing: a chicken heart. In the "Granjas: El Pollon" Toto, a beautiful chicken, learns to eat a worm. He also reflects on his former life as an egg. Soon after, he is kidnapped by buzzard eggs, leading to the desert. The next morning, Willy, Bibi, Confi, Coco and other friends manage to get to the desert in a supply truck that has been stolen from its owner. In this ghost town, Toto meets face to face with the egg-Wizard, who begins to make his recipe as expected, and, on reaching the ingredient chicken heart, the chicken would have to be sacrificed first. But Toto escapes and goes into the vast desert, where he loses consciousness. The Egg-Wizard calls an army of scorpion eggs to bring back Toto. In return, Toto's friends know the Roe Boat and manage to find Toto, who has recovered from his faint and then about to be attacked by the scorpion eggs. The gang manages to save Toto, but at one point, Willy is stung by a scorpion egg and later it is discovered that the shell is rotting. The boat Roe proposes that go with Old Egg Hawk, to which Bacon and Toto access immediately. That night, the Egg-Wizard is informed of these events and forms a new army, which before were empty shells. Meanwhile, Toto and Bacon help dig out the scorpion eggs that have been frozen in the cold of the night. They consult with the Old Hawk Egg, but they themselves are the answer: to use medicinal plants to fix the shell of Willy. At dawn, it is reported that the egg-Wizard needs the heart before sunset, otherwise it will be forced to appear in person. All eggs choose to fight. In the sunset, the battle starts with a large army of egg-Zombies-which were defeated by the scorpion eggs in thanks of Toto and Tocino freeing them from ice-and then bred with Egg-Wizard-mounted two-brand toy cars " Matchbox " and an iguana. But all are defeated. Then Coco and Bacon derail the toy cars, sending the buzzard eggs to stay with the huevitas underground, making a reference to semi-abandoned women. Finally, it is revealed that the iguana was and is the mother of Iguano. The eggs come to the climax where the egg-Witch fight face to face with Toto, revealing that the chicken heart wants to "feel and love". He loses his magic and is defeated and is sent to the sky in the last minute by Willy, who has been cured of his wound and it is "lighter" than before from the plants in his shell. The story ends with Toto, returning to his farm and his mother and having a big party with all his friends.
Alex, a computer programmer from a cold place very far away, receives a visit from an intruder named Anja but before she breaks in he writes an important message to a colleague, at a greyhound racetrack, named Susie, transfers it to a floppy disk and gives it to his dog PC, warning him that he should give it only to Susie and trust no one. He hides PC just before Anja breaks in with her vicious dog Sibelius and threatens him for money. He tells her the money is in the retirement fund, after which she kills him. But later she finds that the money is missing and sees the initials SA on the file name which she discovers, in the nearby address book, to stand for Susie Arkwright and starts spying on Susie. PC reaches Susie's neighbourhood but gets hit by a car and is taken in by the family of 14 year old Zac who had recently moved to Sydney from Melbourne with his mother Amy, step-father Stephen and his younger sister Binky. Zac thinks the disk is one of his and keeps it. Zac is then introduced to his new neighbour Susie, who grew up in Sydney, and her daughter Samantha who moved from London and live next door and they recognise PC. Then they learn of Alex's death and PC continues to stay with Zac's family. PC uses Zac's computer to make a translation programme that could translate any language or sound into plain English, even his barking. He demonstrates it to Zac and Zac gives him a new voice with a Scottish accent and installs the software onto a palmtop computer with a microphone in a bow tie so he can talk away from the desktop. Zac's relationship with PC is strained and after a spate of incidents, often involving Anja and Sibelius, the dog decides to tell him the truth. PC was originally from Iceland where Alex wrote computer programmes and he was married to Anja who was his assistant but she never loved him. Anja stole Alex's programmes and made at least a million dollars from them. Alex got heartbroken when he found the money which he withdrew and fled to Australia with PC to escape from her but Anja found him somehow. Zac finds the floppy disk which has a clue on where to find information on where to find the money. Zac goes with PC and Sammy to Alex's flat and completes the crossword puzzle on the computer to see a video of Alex saying "A note to follow so" followed by a picture of a pea-like object. After singing Do-Re-Mi they figure that the password is LAP then they see another video of Alex this time saying "Well done. The rest is in and under your nose. Bonne Chance". Anja arrives and threatens them with a dagger so Zac deletes the file to stop her but she kidnaps PC. Back home Stephen, who Zac had previously seen taking a loan from Anja, agrees to help them and they go to the greyhound track where Alex and Susie worked. PC tricks Sibelius into letting him out of the cage but when Zac comes to help him he lets out Anja's dog who chases after them. Sammy deciphers the clue but takes "LAP in" to be the French word for rabbit and tells PC who is then catapulted into the commentator's box where he announces that the money is in the rabbit. Anja takes this to mean the mechanical rabbit on the track and starts tearing it apart but gets stuck and is dragged around the track not finding any money. Binky find's Sammy's Hollywood pin badge, which Alex gave her, and asks "What's a Hollywood?" and Sammy explains that it is a place in L.A. then they realise that the clue means L.A. pin and they find jewellry inside it. The film ends with PC making out with Sammy's dog Cordelia.
Fishtronaut prepares for a new adventure, this time to be a Secret Agent of O.S.T.R.A.. To earn the badge, he must serve seven missions with the help of his friends Marina and Zeek and the whole gang of the Smiling Trees Park.
An alien couple comes to Earth disguised as a cowboy and cowgirl and buy a pet shop from its owner in an attempt to try to eat some of Earth's children for dinner. They look like normal people aside from the fact that they have a third eye on their foreheads which they cover with their hats. One by one they give some pets to random kids free of charge. The pets at first seem normal, until they change into their alien forms. The kids meet when they return to the pet shop because their pets stop eating and need some type of "vitamins" that the aliens feed them.
In the early 1900s, Pete flees his abusive hillbilly foster family, the Gogans, with help from Elliott who can make himself invisible. Pete and Elliott visit Passamaquoddy, where the unseen Elliott's clumsiness causes Pete to be labeled a source of ill luck. Lampie stumbles out of a tavern and encounters Pete. Elliott makes himself visible and a terrified Lampie runs into the saloon to warn the townsfolk. In a seaside cave, Pete scolds Elliott for causing trouble. Just as they make up, Nora appears saying due to the ongoing tides from the sea, it is unsafe for Pete to stay, then offers him food and shelter at the lighthouse, which Pete accepts. Pete tells Nora of the abuse he suffers at the hands of the Gogans and, as Nora offers to let him stay the night at the lighthouse, they strike up a friendship. Pete learns the story of Paul, whose ship was reported lost at sea the previous year. Pete promises to ask Elliott about Paul, and Nora accepts, believing Elliott to be an imaginary friend. The next morning, Dr. Terminus and Hoagy arrive and win over the gullible townspeople who are initially angered by their return. The day after that, the local fishermen complain about the scarcity of fish and believe Pete is the cause. Nora tells them the fishing grounds shift and Pete should be welcomed in town. Nora takes him to school, where he is punished unfairly by Miss Taylor as a result of Elliott's antics. An enraged Elliott smashes into the schoolhouse, leaving his shape in the wall, as Pete runs off. Dr. Terminus makes Pete an offer for Elliott, which he refuses. Believing he needs to stop running from the Gogans, Nora and Lampie offer to let Pete live with them permanently, which he accepts. When the Gogans arrive in town and demand Pete back, Nora refuses to hand him over. As the Gogans attempt to chase them in a small boat, Elliott "torpedoes" their boat, saving Pete. Dr. Terminus teams up with the Gogans to capture both Pete and Elliott. Terminus also convinces the superstitious locals helping him capture the dragon will solve their problems. That evening, a storm begins to blow. At sea, a sailing ship is approaching Passamaquoddy with Paul on board. Dr. Terminus lures Pete to the boathouse, while Hoagy does the same to Elliott. Once there, the invisible Elliott is caught in a net, but frees himself and saves Pete, then confronts the Gogans. Lena Gogan yells at Elliott, claiming Pete is their property and waves her Bill of Sale at Elliott, who torches it. Now completely defenseless, the Gogans flee after Elliott frightens them away. Just as Pete and Elliott laugh, Dr. Terminus makes one more effort to harpoon Elliott, but his leg is caught in the rope and he is sent catapulting through the ceiling and screams as he goes through the roof, ending up dangling upside down near a utility pole. In a last-ditch effort, the helpless Dr. Terminus tries to offer buying Elliott's "spare parts", to which he declines and proceeds to destroy Dr. Terminus' traveling wagon, ending his scamming business. Elliott then saves the Mayor, Miss Taylor, and the members of the Town Board from a falling utility pole, revealing himself to the grateful townsfolk. Back at the lighthouse, the lamp has been extinguished by a storm-driven rogue wave. Elliott returns and tries to light it with his own fire. As he does, Nora sees that he is real. The light is ignited and the ship is saved. The next morning, the Mayor and the townsfolk praise Elliott for his help, and Nora reunites with Paul, who was the sole survivor of a shipwreck at Cape Hatteras and suffered amnesia. Now that Pete has a loving family, Elliott tells him he must move on to help another kid in trouble, and is sad the two must part. Pete comforts Elliott by telling him if anyone can help that kid, then he can. Elliott flies away as Pete, and his new family wave good-bye to him. The film ends with Pete reminding Elliott once again he is supposed to be invisible.
In the story, Peter Pan, a magical boy who refuses to grow up, brings the Darling children from London to Neverland, where they have adventures that include a confrontation with the pirate Captain Hook and his crew. Later, the children feel homesick and wish to go home. Wendy invites Peter and the Lost Boys to come with them so they can be adopted. The Lost Boys are eager to do so, but Peter refuses because he does not wish to grow up. Wendy and her brothers and the Lost Boys are captured by the pirates, but rescued by Peter, who forces Captain Hook to walk the plank and be eaten by the crocodile who once ate his hand. Wendy and the boys return to the Darling home, where Mrs. Darling meets Peter for the first time and offers to adopt him, but he refuses for the same reason that he refused to go back with Wendy and the boys - he has no intention of growing up. Peter asks Wendy to return to Neverland with him, and Mrs. Darling agrees to allow Wendy to go back once a year to help Peter with his spring cleaning.
In the nursery of the Darling household located in Edwardian era London, Wendy Darling tells her younger brothers John and Michael the story of Cinderella, who went to the ball and found herself surrounded by pirates. Life is disrupted when their Aunt Millicent arrives to visit. Judging Wendy to be an "almost" full-grown woman, Aunt Millicent advises Mr. and Mrs. Darling to think of Wendy's future, saying that Wendy should spend less time in the nursery, and more time with herself, to become a grown woman. The very idea frightens the children. At school, Wendy daydreams about having seen Peter in the night, and, after being caught with a drawing of him over her bed, is in trouble with the teacher, who sends a letter by a boy messenger to Wendy's father at the bank, and as she tries to stop him, along with the family's "nurse" dog Nana, embarrasses her father in front of his superiors. As a punishment, Mr. Darling chains Nana outside and declares it time for Wendy to grow up. Peter visits the nursery again looking for his shadow, which Nana had bitten off, and introduces himself. After being acquainted, Wendy sews his shadow back on and is enchanted by Peter's ability to fly and his description of Neverland and how nicely he talks about girls. She asks Peter if she can kiss him, but because he does not know what a kiss is, ends up giving him a thimble instead. He returns the "kiss" by plucking an acorn from his shirt and giving it to her. Peter invites her to tell stories to his gang of Lost Boys. She asks to bring her brothers, John and Michael, to which Peter agrees. He grabs Tinker Bell and shakes fairy dust on the children and tells them to think of happy thoughts. Nana, having escaped her chain, leads Mr. and Mrs. Darling back home from a party, but they arrive too late to stop the children. The children fly over London and then to Neverland. They observe Captain Hook's ship from a cloud. The pirates spot them and attack with their cannons. One knocks Wendy far away and the other causes Michael and John to fall towards the island below. Peter tells Tinker Bell to find Wendy while he takes care of Hook. But Tinker Bell reaches the hideout as Wendy is still falling from the sky, and out of jealousy, tricks the Lost Boys into shooting Wendy with an arrow. The boys learn the truth and confess to Peter but Wendy is revealed not to have been killed as the arrow hit the acorn necklace hung around her neck. Angry, Peter banishes Tinker Bell and ends their friendship. When Wendy finally awakens she finds the Lost Boys on their knees begging her to be their mother, which she accepts. They blindfold her and lead her to their hideout, and she finally realises her brothers are missing. Michael and John stumble across the crocodile that ate Hook's hand then encounter the Native American princess Tiger Lily. All three are then captured by Hook and taken to the Black Castle to use as bait for Peter Pan. Wendy and Peter visit the mermaids' lagoon to ask the dark and mysterious creatures to help in locating John and Michael, and learn that Hook has her brothers. Peter and Hook engage in a duel but it is stopped when the ticking crocodile arrives and tries to eat Hook, allowing the children to all escape. That night, after a celebration at the Native American camp, Peter shows Wendy the fairies' home and the two share a dance. Hook spies on the two and soon comes across Tinker Bell, who is still hurt and upset from being banished, and charms her into telling him more about Peter and Wendy. Peter becomes upset with Wendy after she tries to get him to express his feelings and that he will never love and never grow up, and tells her to go home and grow up if she's not happy. Wendy, hurt, leaves to be alone. Hook has the sleeping Wendy carried to his ship. There, he entices her to become a pirate but sends a spy to follow her to the Lost Boys' underground hideout afterwards. Wendy soon comes to her senses and tells her brothers that the three of them will be going home, which upsets Peter. The Lost Boys ask if they can go too, upsetting Peter even more. Wendy tries to say goodbye to Peter but he turns away in sadness. She leaves him a cup of "medicine" and tells him not to forget to take it. The pirates capture the boys outside and Hook goes down into the tree and puts a drop of poison in Peter's medicine. He is about to drink the medicine, but Tinker Bell intervenes and drinks the poison herself. Peter telepathically reaches out to children sleeping around the world, the Darlings, Aunt Millicent, the Lost Boys, and even the pirates to assert their belief in fairies, which brings Tinker Bell back to life. Peter and Tinker Bell save Wendy and the boys from walking the plank by making the pirates think the crocodile is on board, and a battle soon breaks out. Hook sprinkles himself with Tinker Bell's fairy dust and fights Peter in a duel while flying. Hook taunts him about Wendy abandoning him and forgetting all about him when she grows up. Weakened by those thoughts and unable to fight, Peter gives in to his inevitable death. Seeing this as goodbye, Wendy gives Peter her hidden kiss, which gives him the strength to recover. Peter reengages Hook, who loses his confidence and falls into the waiting jaws of the crocodile. With the ship covered in fairy dust, Peter flies Wendy and the boys back to London. Mr. and Mrs. Darling are overjoyed at the return of their children, and adopt the Lost Boys. Slightly, who got lost on the way to London and arrives at the house too late, is adopted by the lonely Aunt Millicent. Peter promises never to forget Wendy and to return someday before heading back to Neverland with Tinker Bell. According to the adult Wendy, she never saw Peter again, but she continues to tell his story to her own children and grandchildren so that his legacy will last forever.
The film begins as Eeyore, Rabbit, Tigger, and Pooh are working on a plan to get honey from a beehive. Piglet wants to help too, but his friends tell him that he is too small. When the plan goes awry, Piglet saves the day by trapping the bees in a decoy hive; but nobody notices what Piglet has done. Feeling ignored and unappreciated, Piglet sadly wanders away just as the bees escape from the decoy hive. After escaping from the bees, Piglet's friends realize that he is missing, so they decide to go on a search for him by using a special scrapbook that Piglet had made of their past adventures as a guide. On the way to Kanga's house, they reminisce about when Kanga and her son Roo arrived in the Hundred Acre Wood. Everyone is afraid of the newcomers and Rabbit concocts a plan to use Piglet as a decoy so they could kidnap Roo. Kanga pretends to believe Piglet is Roo and gives him a dose of fish oil and a bath. She gives him a cookie afterwards and Piglet realizes she is actually very nice. Roo and Rabbit have become best friends and everyone agrees Kanga and Roo should stay. Back in the present, Roo joins the search party and they head to their next destination in the scrapbook: the North Pole. They remember the story of their expedition to find the Pole. Partway through the expedition, Roo falls into the river. Tigger, Rabbit and Eeyore try to save him but to no avail. Piglet uses a very long stick to catapult Roo out of the river and hands it off to Pooh as he runs to try and catch Roo. Christopher Robin arrives on the scene, sees Pooh holding the stick, and declares Pooh has discovered the North Pole; Piglet's role in both Roo's rescue and the Pole's discovery went unacknowledged. Back in the present, Piglet's friends express their regrets for not celebrating Piglet's heroism. They become increasingly worried as a storm rolls in; to reassure Roo, Eeyore and Pooh tell him about the time Piglet built a house for Eeyore. Piglet has pointed out to Pooh Eeyore did not have a house to keep him warm. Pooh decides they should build Eeyore a house on that very spot, which he names "Pooh Corner." Pooh briefly considers calling it "Pooh and Piglet Corner" before deciding "Pooh Corner" sounds nicer. Tigger joins Pooh in trying to build the house while Piglet struggles to keep up; eventually, Pooh and Tigger give up. Then they learn Eeyore has already built himself a house out of sticks, though it has gone missing. Pooh and Tigger realize they were using Eeyore's old house to build Eeyore's new house. As they struggle to explain, Piglet arrives and leads them back to Eeyore's newly completed house. Once again, Piglet's contributions are overlooked as the wind gets the credit for moving Eeyore's house. As the rain begins to fall, Tigger wants to skip to the end of the book to find where Piglet really is, but Rabbit firmly insists they go through it in order; they begin fighting over the book, which falls in the river. The friends sadly return to Piglet's house to keep Roo from catching a cold. They draw new pictures of Piglet, then set out to look for him once again. They find the scrapbook bindings, suspended on a hollow log, overhanging a raging waterfall; Pooh goes to retrieve it, but falls into a hole in the log. Pooh's friends form themselves into a rescue rope, but it is not quite long enough and Pooh is stuck hanging precariously over the waterfall. Piglet appears and pulls Pooh to safety, but the log begins to break, which knocks Piglet's scrapbook into the river below. Rabbit, Eeyore, Tigger, and Roo all make it to solid ground, just in time to see half of the log plummet to the water below. Tigger, Rabbit, Roo and Eeyore begin to mourn for their apparent loss and almost fail to notice Pooh and Piglet emerging from inside of the other half of the log. Piglet's friends take him home and show him the drawings they have made of him, demonstrating their appreciation for everything Piglet has done. The film ends as the characters are throwing a party and Pooh shows Piglet the new sign for the renamed "Pooh and Piglet Corner."
An old inventor named Geppetto creates a robot, named Pinocchio, as his son. Meanwhile, an evil mayor named Scamboli is building a technological city called "Scamboville" to get rid of nature. He also hates all children, except for his beloved daughter, Marlene. When Marlene expresses concerns to Scamboli about there being no space for children to have fun, he sets out to make a kids-only theme park called "Scamboland". That night, Geppetto and Spencer the Penguin are preparing to make Pinocchio come to life. But Scamboli has seized control of the city mains to light up his theme park for the Grand Opening, so, Geppetto has no choice but to steal his electricity. Suddenly, Scamboland has a power outage and the children leave. After Pinocchio comes to life, much to his family's delight, Cyberina the fairy appears. She decides to grant Geppetto's wish to turn Pinocchio into a real boy if he learns about right and wrong. The next morning, Pinocchio is walking his way to school with Spencer when he meets up with Zach, Cynthia and Marlene. Marlene challenges Pinocchio to an Imagination game, hosted by Cyberina. Marlene wins the game, but Pinocchio, who believes he's done better than Marlene, snatches the medal from her. As he runs away, he comes across Scamboli's robotic henchmen, Cabby and Rodo, who take Pinocchio to see Scamboli. While they talk to each other, Pinocchio says, "Life would be great if kids were more like us", sparking an idea in Scamboli's diabolical brain. With the true opening of Scamboland, he makes Pinocchio into an attraction, but when Geppetto gets word of this, he tries to convince him to come home. While Pinocchio performs at a concert, Scamboli kidnaps Geppetto. Afterward, all the children board a roller coaster ride called "A Whale of a Change", which transforms all of them into "Scambobots". Meanwhile, Pinocchio gives Marlene her medal back and befriends her, and they spend the night together at Marlene's private garden. As they awaken the next morning, Marlene is crestfallen to find that Scambobots have destroyed her garden. Hearing Pinocchio laughing at her dismay, she gives the medal to him and revokes her vow of friendship. But Pinocchio, realizing that he had accidentally helped Scamboli, leaves to find his Dad. He returns home, but finds that his father isn't there, but Spencer is. He tells Pinocchio that he went off to get him, so they head off to find him, only to find Scamboli turned Geppetto into a robot to kill Pinocchio. After Spencer blinds Scamboli with his camera and steals the remote that controls Geppetto and the other Scanbobots, Pinocchio and Spencer hide out in the "Tunnel of Danger" ride, where Scamboli manages to trap them. Marlene arrives and helps Pinocchio to avoid the tunnel's many dangers. However, Scamboli incapacitates Marlene, so he can kill Pinocchio with a laser gun. Pinocchio uses the medal to shield himself from the laser, causing the beam to reflect back at Scamboli and destroy his weapon. Meanwhile, Cabby accidentally gave Geppetto the remote that controls all Scambobots, getting them fired. Geppetto then commands the robots to get Scamboli. Scamboli attempts to escape in Cabby's shuttle, but is caught by a Scambocop. It tosses Scamboli inside a shuttle and flies down to the Whale ride. Pinocchio, Geppetto, Marlene and Spencer go to turn the robots back into children. Soon it's Geppetto's turn, but Scamboli presses a button to stop the machines. Pinocchio goes inside the whale and tries to fix it. Pinocchio finds the out-of-reach button. But Scamboli starts to attack him. So he begins to tell lies about how great Scamboli's personality is. This caused Pinocchio's nose the reach long enough to hit the button, causing the carts to start moving again and Scamboli gets caught in the ride. Pinocchio then realizes that everything was his fault. Cyberina appears, Pinocchio tells her that he has learned about Right and Wrong and turns Pinocchio into a real boy and Geppetto back into a human. Suddenly, Scamboli, turned into a robot, appears and Marlene was shocked. Cyberina borrows Cynthia's "Funbrella" to make sunshine and bring all the plants Scamboli has destroyed. It ends with Spencer taking a picture of Pinocchio, Geppetto and Marlene.
A bumblebee named Lieutenant Grumblebee is woken from his sleep by the arrival of a large sinister looking ship. A man named Puppetino remarks that this is the ideal spot for the carnival. Stakes and ropes fly from the ship and a circus tent forms. Grumblebee hastily leaves the area. A year after being made human by the Good Fairy, Pinocchio celebrates his first birthday with Mister Geppetto. The Good Fairy appears and teaches Pinocchio that love is his most powerful gift. She brings to life one of Pinocchio's own carvings, a wooden glow worm, to act as Pinocchio's conscience. Pinocchio, surprised, accidentally names it Gee Willikers. After the party Pinocchio offers to deliver a jewel box to the mayor for Geppetto. En route he encounters Scalawag and Igor, who trick him into trading the box for the "Pharaoh's Ruby". The ruby turns out to be a fake and Geppetto is furious. Pinocchio runs away in shame, leaving Gee Willikers behind. Pinocchio looks for work at the carnival and is entranced by a blonde marionette named Twinkle. Puppetino recognises Pinocchio and uses Twinkle to lure him into joining the carnival. Puppetino starts playing an organ grinder, causing Pinocchio to dance uncontrollably and slowly transform back into a puppet. Puppetino attaches strings to Pinocchio's hands and feet, completing the transformation, and hangs the now lifeless Pinocchio alongside Twinkle. The Good Fairy appears and awakens Pinocchio, explaining that he lost his freedom because he took it for granted. She reminds him of the importance of choice before restoring him to human form. Pinocchio decides to retrieve the jewel box. Willikers objects, so Pinocchio sets him aside and travels alone. He finds Scalawag the Raccoon and Igor the Monkey, who inform him that the box is at the carnival, which has returned to the ship. The trio pursue the carnival ship by boat. Unbeknownst to Pinocchio, they plan to hand him over to Puppetino in return for a reward, but after Pinocchio saves them from a giant barracuda, they change their minds and begin to genuinely bond with Pinocchio. As they travel, the carnival ship arrives, capturing the boat. Willikers, carried to the river by Grumblebee, latches onto Pinocchio's pocket as they drift into the ship. Scalawag recognizes the ship as the Empire of the Night. A boatman offers Pinocchio a ride to the jewel box, leaving Scalawag and Igor behind. The boatman says the box is in the opposite, darker end of a cavern. Pinocchio prefers the brighter path, and they row to the "Neon Cabaret". A doorman says that Pinocchio can play inside if he signs a contract. He impulsively agrees, runs inside and finds a room full of partying children. Pinocchio drinks from a fountain of green liquid that causes him to hallucinate and black out. He awakens on a stage; a ringmaster tells him his fans are waiting and he begins dancing. Scalawag and Igor, who have followed Pinocchio, try to get his attention, but are drawn offstage while he is distracted by Twinkle. Pinocchio bows to thunderous applause. Puppetino appears and Pinocchio turns to find the boatman, who transforms into the doorman and then the ringmaster. He tells Pinocchio that he has reached the "Land Where Dreams Come True" and then morphs into a floating being with four arms called the Emperor of the Night. He demands Pinocchio sign a contract that will make him a puppet again, a choice that will weaken the Good Fairy. Pinocchio refuses and is imprisoned with Scalawag and Igor. Scalawag laments that they have succumbed to their desires without considering the consequences. The Emperor reveals to Pinocchio that Geppetto has been shrunk to fit inside the jewel box. Pinocchio offers to sign the contract if the Emperor frees Geppetto and the others. Pinocchio signs away his freedom, transforming back into a living puppet. The Emperor betrays Pinocchio, telling him that the freedom of choice gives him his power. Pinocchio turns on the Emperor and a blue aura  the light of the Good Fairy  surrounds him. The Emperor shoots bolts of flame at Pinocchio, but the blue light protects him as the ship catches fire. Pinocchio escapes with his friends while the Emperor shoots Puppetino in the back with a bolt of magic for his instant cowardice while he runs for his life. Puppetino turns into a lifeless puppet, and burns to death immediately after. The Emperor promises to make Geppetto pay for Pinocchio's choices, but he runs and forms into a blue shining orb and plunges into the Emperor's flaming figure, destroying him and his ship. On the shore, Geppetto has returned to his original size. Scalawag and Igor find Pinocchio, who is once again a real boy. The Good Fairy appears, proudly telling Pinocchio that he no longer needs her. She presents the jewel box to Geppetto. She reveals the now human Twinkle awakening nearby before fading away, leaving the group to celebrate.
The film begins with Pippi sailing around the world with her father, Captain Efraim Longstocking, her pet horse, Horse, her pet monkey, Mr. Nilsson, and various members of the ship's crew. One night during a hurricane, the captain is washed over board into the sea. As he drifts off, he calls to Pippi that he will "meet her in Villa Villekulla". To that effect, Pippi and her pet animals make their way home, Villa Villekulla, to await his return. Not long after arriving, she makes friends with the two children across the street  Tommy and Annika, who are captivated by her free spirit and fun-loving attitude. They soon convince her to go to school where she gets into trouble, despite winning the hearts of her classmates. Pippi also soon attracts the attention of a local social worker, Mrs. Prysselius, who conspires to put her into foster care. When Mrs. Prysselius goes to speak with the local law enforcement of the need for the girl to be placed in a home for orphans, she lets certain details be revealed to a pair of thieves already in jail. The thieves, Bloom and Thunder-Karlsson, decide to rob Pippi themselves once they break out of jail. Pippi and her friends take part in many adventures and close-calls, winning over almost everyone, with the exception of Mrs. Prysselius and Tommy and Annika's parents. Just when Mrs. Prysselius has had enough, got into a breakdown and is about to drag Pippi straight to the children's home herself, Pippi's father returns to take her back to their life on the sea. However, Pippi decides that she can't leave her new friends and decides to stay in Villa Villekulla.
Rosetta is busy helping to set up flowers for the big night, when she meets a new garden fairy named Chloe, who drops a lump of dirt in front of her, accidentally getting her dirty and, because she's ironically afraid of dirt, causing her to freak out until Silvermist douses her with a water droplet. Chloe announces she has been training for the Pixie Hollow Games and is excited to be competing. Even though the garden fairies have little hope of winning and havent ever won, Chloe is confident that she and her partner can turn things around and end the losing streak. When it comes time for the team selection, Chloe has already volunteered and Rosetta is selected to be her partner. The night of the games, Rosetta wears a fancy, formal, pale-red gown, certain that she and Chloe will be eliminated after one round. The storm fairies, Rumble and Glimmer, are the heavy favorites to win the competition. They have won the last four years in-a-row, winning four winners rings each and wanting to get a final ring. The first event is leapfrogging. Similar to chariot racing, the teams ride on frogs, yoked together by an harness. Then the competitors leapfrog over one another to the finish line. Rosetta refuses to get onto the frog, but finally does when the spectators yell in protest, leading to total chaos on the racetrack. The next day, Rosetta and Chloe continue to compete in a series of games, such as dragonfly water skiing, twig-spheres, and mouse polo, slowly moving up in the standings during each game. But things start to turn south in the final challenge of the day. At the end of the teacup race, theres a series of chutes covered in slimy mucus that the teams must slide down to get to the finish line. Chloe dives down the chute with no trouble, but Rosetta, afraid of getting muddy and dirty, nervously crawls down the chute, to Chloe's dismay. However, they're still in the games since the Iridessa and Lumina fell short after Iridessa coated their cup in too much pixie dust, causing them to crash into the roof of the cavern. Regardless, Rosetta's actions put them in last place, and no team has ever won from last place. For the first time in the Games, Chloe is starting to doubt Rosetta. Vidia and Zephyr take the shortcut and crashed, then Terence and Fairy Gary try to jump the pond but land in it, leaving just the garden and storm fairies. Rosetta and Chloe take the mudslide mountain shortcut and successfully make it over thanks to Tinker Bell adding built-in spikes to the wheels and a propeller to cross the steep mountain and get ahead of the storm fairies. However, in the last leg of the race, Rumble uses Glimmer's lightning ability to zap one of the wheels causing the girls' cart to crash. Glimmer is appalled. Seeing their cart destroyed, Rosetta and Chloe push their cart over the finish line and at least finish together. Rumble is already celebrating his victory, when Queen Clarion announces that the garden fairies are the winners. Rumble protests, until the Queen shows him that Glimmer abandoned him just before the finish line for cheating, thus his victory doesn't count. Therefore, the garden fairies win. The movie ends with Rosetta and Chloe celebrating with their best friends that they broke their losing streak.
On Planet 51, green humanoids with snail-like feelers and pointed ears live peacefully in a society reminiscent of the 1950s United States, but with alien technology and 1950s-themed alien homes. In the town of Glipforg, Lem is a teenager with a new part-time job at the local planetarium and a long-time crush on his neighbor, Neera. His best friend is Skiff, a big fan of the Humaniacs films. Lem tries to ask Neera on a date, but her hippie friend, Glar, keeps interrupting with his protest songs. A mysterious spacecraft goes into orbit around Planet 51 and sends out a signal. On Planet 51, under a secret Army installation called Base 9, there is a basement filled with Earth artifacts including robotic satellites and space probes launched by the United States and the Soviet Union. The spacecraft's signal activates Rover, a wheeled A.I. probe. Rover escapes, following a program to locate the newly arrived astronaut. The Planetary Army becomes suspicious after Rover's escape and begins to investigate. The spacecraft touches down in Neera's backyard; NASA astronaut Charles T. "Chuck" Baker emerges. As Chuck plants the United States flag, he steps on a "rubber ducky" someone left on the ground. Everyone stares, and Chuck tries to get back into his module. Shocked when he realizes he is on an inhabited planet, Chuck runs about wildly and hides at the planetarium as the Army arrives on the scene. Planetary Army General Grawl consults Professor Kipple about the "alien invader". The Army quarantines the area and asks citizens to start a local civil defense force to prevent the citizens from becoming "zombies". At the planetarium, Lem discovers Chuck's hiding place. They are surprised to discover they speak the same language. Realizing this alien is no threat, Lem decides to help Chuck, hiding him in his bedroom for the night. Rover finds Chuck, who is very happy to see it. As the General and his men search Lem's room, the group sneaks back into the planetarium with Chuck, who tells Lem he has "the right stuff". Chuck also shows Lem the star that Earth orbits and how the universe is much bigger than Lem had thought. The next morning, the Army takes Chuck's module to a secret location. The next night is the premire of a new Humaniacs movie, and Lem, Skiff and Chuck attend in costume as fans. Chuck introduces some new music as part of the contest and teaches Lem to dance. Things go well until Rover arrives: chaos ensues. Grawl arrives and points out that Chuck's U.S. flag insignia identifies him as the alien. Chuck is captured and unmasked. When Lem tries to keep him from being taken away, Grawl labels Lem a zombie, and Kipple announces he will dissect both their brains. To protect Lem, Chuck pretends to "release" him from his control. Lem is proclaimed a hero, and Chuck and Rover are taken away. At Base 9, Grawl interrogates Chuck, and an accidental gunshot starts a complicated chain reaction with soldiers shooting at each other. Grawl thinks Chuck is resisting his demands and allows Kipple to have a go at dissecting Chuck's brain. Lem gets his job back at the planetarium and is permitted to speak about the incident on TV, but cannot fully accept the honor. He feels terrible about Chuck and decides to do the right thing. Neera, Skiff and Eckle join him to go off to rescue Chuck. The teens know luck is on their side when Rover shows up on the edge of townhe unscrewed the bolts holding together the armored vehicle in which he was imprisoned. Rover sniffs out Chuck's trail and leads them to an abandoned gas station in the desert. They look around, and Skiff sees a soda bottle in an old refrigerator. When he tries to take it, it opens up the entrance to Base 9. Lem has Glar distract the soldiers guarding the base with his protest group while the rest of them sneak into the base. They find Chuck strapped to a laboratory table, and Kipple getting ready to remove his brain. Lem and his friends break in through the ceiling while Rover scares away the scientists, technicians, and guards. They release Chuck but set off alarms. Rover helps the group find Chuck's spacecraft, which was in a hangar. Grawl warns that, if the "alien" tries to leave, he will blow up the hangar. To give Chuck his chance to escape, Lem initiates the 2-minute destruct countdown by pressing the self-destruct control button, which panics the guards into fleeing the underground base. In the resulting firestorm, the General is knocked unconscious. The teenagers and Rover get into the module, but Chuck rescues the General from the fire. Chuck pilots the ship out of the base just in time as the base starts to blow up and up into orbit around the planet, allowing the teens to experience outer space. Skiff and Eckle enjoy the weightlessness, Grawl realizes Chuck has not turned him into a zombie, and Lem asks Neera out on a date. Chuck returns to the planet's surface. Although the soldiers are ready to shoot anyone who appears, Grawl stops them. Finally, the inhabitants of Planet 51 see that Chuck came to their planet for peaceful purposes. Chuck lets Rover stay with Skiff and says his farewells to Planet 51. Chuck then leaves Planet 51 peacefully, accompanied by the Planet 51 Xenomorph-resembling pet dog-like animal seen throughout the film. In an end scene Kipple is seen emerging from Base 9 from a hatch, only to be seized and dragged away by two military test subjects of Kipple's brain removal procedure who insist that the professor share the delightful experience of having his brain removed.
A scientist named Tonio is reading a diary which belonged to a famous architect named Godey, his great-grandfather, indicating that two Pokmon between their dimension are fighting, and that the battle could lead to chaos. Those future events occur at same moment as Palkia, who can distort space, and Dialga, who rules over time, are brawling, which causes the hourglass in Tonio's lab to fall and shatter. Ash, Brock, and Dawn are headed to Alamos Town for the next Pokmon Contest. However, they realize that Alamos is in the middle of a giant lake. Tired, they are greeted by Alice and her Chimchar, who offer them a ride in a hot air balloon. Brock falls for her and his Croagunk jabs him. Alice is a tour guide as well as a music student who plays the leaf whistle. On their way, the battle between the dimensions continues and causes a massive air current shockwave. After recovering from the slight air current disturbance, Alice offers a tour of the town. Alice brings them to a garden where many Pokmon reside in peace and where Alice played at as a little girl. Ash, Brock, and Dawn let all their Pokmon free and they run off to play, which later goes from happiness to chaos. Once the Pokmon begin to quarrel, along with the grass-type Pokmon present, Alice calms them down by playing a soothing song using the leaf whistle. She reveals that she learned the song from her grandmother, who appears to be deceased. Shortly after, a Gallade hops into the scene. Alice indicates that Gallade senses something wrong and the Gallade requests Ash and the rest of them to follow it. The trio recalls their Pokmon and they pursue the Gallade, ending up at a small temple with some of its pillars damaged. A man named Baron Alberto walks out of the tunnel, claiming that it was the work of Darkrai. The name Darkrai puzzles Ash and Dawn. Brock mentions that Darkrai is a Pokmon that causes nightmares. Everyone hears a noise from a nearby bush and Baron orders his Lickilicky to fire a Hyper Beam attack into the bush. However, the victim was Tonio who screams and limps out of the bush. Alice quickly hurries to Tonio's pain. Tonio is introduced to Ash, Brock, and Dawn. Baron flirts with Alice, stating that she is to be his wife. Brock is deeply shocked, as well as the rest of them. Alice rejects and runs to Tonio claiming that she likes him, causing Tonio to blush. Just then, Darkrai rises from the ground among the thick trees. Baron orders Lickilicky to attack the Dark Pokmon. Lickilicky's attacks miss while Darkrai fires back a Dark Void attack. Lickilicky dodges the attack and the Dark Void orb impales Ash, instantly knocking him out to sleep and trapping him in a nightmare. The nightmare shows Palkia moving up to Ash and rushing towards him for an attack. This delivers Ash to a part of the garden. Ash realizes the dream is Darkrai's doing, and Darkrai appears in front of him. Ash reaches for a Pok Ball and tosses it, but it vanishes into thin air. Then, Darkrai disappears to reveal Pikachu, who is about to get devoured by a vacuum hole. Ash dives into the hole to rescue Pikachu. Having failed, he and Pikachu drop into a never-ending fall. He is then awakened by Pikachu's Thunderbolt at the Pokmon Center. That night, Tonio tries to find more information about Darkrai. He reads that Darkrai had opened his heart to Alice's grandmother years ago and remains in the garden since then, with Godey watching from afar as she plays the leaf whistle. Meanwhile, Baron meets three TV people who are actually Team Rocket in disguise and decide to film Baron as he takes on Darkrai. The next morning, Ash, Brock, and Dawn visit the Space-Time Towers, which are composed of three "Space" towers and three "Time" towers. They meet Tonio there, and they climb to the top to be introduced to a massive instrument which plays music by the hour throughout the town. Using the instrument, Dawn chooses and plays a song through the tower's bells. As Ash and the rest of the group leave the Space-Time Towers, a hole blasts out in the middle of the sky just above the towers, which then dies down. A massive shockwave purges through the entire town. Tonio decides to study the sudden outburst. Later, Darkrai reappears in the courtyard while Ash and company engage in combat with it. Outraged, Darkrai fires multiple loads of Dark Void orbs, trapping many Pokmon in the town square in nightmares. Back in lab, after some intensive research, Tonio finds that the sudden outburst was when Palkia entered their dimension, but he did not know why. Ash and Baron chase Darkrai into a dark alley where the Dark Pokmon lands a direct hit on Baron's Lickilicky, causing it to doze off. Just then, Baron is turned into a Lickilicky himself due to a combination of the distorting of space and Lickilicky dreaming that he turned into his master. With that occurring, ghost-like images of the sleeping Pokmon float around town, some passing through walls, causing the situation to grow quite strange. After all the Pokmon are in the Pokmon Center, Alamos Town gets surrounded with a massive fog, which can not be cleared off and causes anything attempting to leave the town to reversibly enter the town, resulting in no possible escape. Baron still believes it was Darkrai that caused the abnormalities in the town. All the trainers follow Baron to confront Darkrai, but Ash, Brock, and Dawn do not go along listening to Tonio, who doesn't believe Darkrai is up to this. He believes Darkrai is good since he had saved Alice in their childhood. He reveals that the two of them were playing in the garden when Alice tripped and fell off a cliff. Tonio ran to her, but a silhouette of Darkrai zipped out and caught Alice just before disappearing. Hearing that, the trio now agree that it was not Darkrai who caused the havoc in the town. Tonio explains that the distortion caused from the spiritual images of the sleeping Pokmon was caused by a multidimensional disturbance from when Palkia entered the realm. Later that evening, Tonio finds Palkia resting between the towers. Darkrai, who was fighting Baron, instead tries to attack the resting Palkia. Ash then realizes that Darkrai was trying to tell him in his nightmare that the two legendary Pokmon are waging war. As Palkia and Darkrai battle, Palkia switches the town back into its own battle dimension. As Palkia is about to hit Darkrai with one of his attacks, Dialga opens fire on the two and immediately runs into Palkia, thus continuing the battle between the two Dragon-types. As they brawl, the entire town slowly dissipates into nothing due to the severe injury suffered by Palkia during its battle with Dialga earlier. Darkrai constantly tries to fend them off as the town evacuates into the garden. After Tonio reads a passage from Godey's diary, Alice hears the word "Oracin", which means Prayer in Spanish, and is the name of the song her grandmother taught her to play on the leaf whistle. Tonio indicates that "Oracin is the song that could soothe even the fiercest rage". They realize that they must play Oracin on the Space-Time Towers' musical instrument to stop Dialga and Palkia from feuding. After finding the Oracin music disc, Ash, Dawn, Alice and Tonio begin to head up the tower by balloon as Brock stays behind to help Nurse Joy evacuate the townspeople. On their way up, Dialga and Palkia continue their battle, with some flames striking the balloon basket, sending Ash and Dawn flying out of the balloon, but safely landing onto a platform of the tower. Dialga fires its Roar of Time attack at Palkia, while Palkia stands in front of the balloon. Palkia dodges the attack, leaving the beam to crossfire with the balloon. Darkrai instantly comes to the rescue and takes the massive blow from Dialga, causing great damage to the Dark Pokmon. Dialga and Palkia fly passed and cause heavy damage to the balloon, sending Tonio flying and ultimately causing Alice and Chimchar to evacuate the balloon. With the help of their Pokmon, Ash and Dawn travel up the tower by foot. Dialga and Palkia continue their confrontation and are about to trigger the final blow. Tonio reveals that if the Dragon-types' signature moves collide once more, their dimension will be completely destroyed. Dialga is charging its Roar of Time attack while Palkia charges its Spacial Rend attack. At Alice's cries to the Legendary Pokmon to stop fighting, Darkrai recovers from its injuries and rushes to help. When both the Legendary Pokmon discharge their attacks, Darkrai crosses the attacks' line and forms a sphere around itself to block the attacks, engulfing and immobilizing Dialga and Palkia in the process. Baron, who had already turned back to himself due to his Lickilicky's awakening, then finally believes Darkrai is not the foe. As Ash and Dawn make their way up the tower, they watch as Darkrai's sphere gets weaker and eventually shrinks, causing Dialga and Palkia to break free. The Dragon-types, fed up with the Dark Pokmon intervening with their battle, shoot Darkrai from both sides. Having almost no armor or the energy left, Darkrai bravely takes the destructive blow and disintegrates into the air. Everyone looks on with the fear that they too would suffer the same fate as Darkrai. Ash and Dawn reach the top of the tower and run to the musical instrument, only to find that the electrical power source is down. Ash's Pikachu uses Thunderbolt at full-blast and Dawn's Pachirisu uses Discharge to get the machine running. The song plays throughout the town. The towers glow. Each of the six towers to unveil their hidden features added by Godey, including blooming flowers and gigantic golden wings. The song successfully calms the Legendary Pokmon down. Dialga flies away, and Palkia's wound heals and Ash and Dawn successfully plead to Palkia to restore the lost parts of the town, returning Alamos Town to how it originally was, and the townspeople and Pokmon rejoice and return home. Later, the band mourns the loss of Darkrai thanks him for his efforts. Ash and Dawn begin to cry, believing they will never see Darkrai again. As they walk away, Ash stops as he sees a shadow on the cliffside. He, along with everyone else, looks back at the cliff. On the Space-Time Towers, they find Darkrai standing heroically on top. Everyone is relieved that he is safe and Alice cuddles next to Tonio as they look on at Darkrai, who then glares with a lit up eye, as the film quickly fades. The end credits present the aftermath, such as the Pokmon contest which Dawn competes in, and Dialga hovering towards its next destination, awaiting a battle, foreshadowing future adventures to come of Ash, Dawn, and Brock.
The film is set in the Venetian-esque city of Alto Mare, protected by the dragon siblings Latias and Latios. Their father, also a Latios, is said to saved the city from an evil Pokmon Trainer and their Kabutops and Aerodactyl whilst transforming the city's streets into canals. The citizens built the Defence Mechanism of Alto Mare to protect the city if necessary, but have never had to use it. The father Latios died, leaving behind the Soul Dew, said to contain his own soul and can power the D.M.A. In the present day, Team Rocket agents Annie and Oakley acquire a book detailing the history of Alto Mare, plotting to control the D.M.A. Ash, Misty, and Brock are touring by and see an invisible Latias. Annie and Oakley stalk Latias, who disguises herself as a human girl, trying to capture her using their Espeon and Ariados. Ash and Pikachu come to the rescue, guiding Latias to safety but she vanishes when Ashs back is turned. Visiting the museum, the trio meet the curator Lorenzo who details Alto Mares history, the D.M.A., and the fossilized Pokmon on display. Ash spots a girl, Bianca, who resembles Latias disguise, and chases her across the city, but she does not recognise him. Latias herself appears, guiding Ash and Pikachu to a hidden garden where she and Latios live, protected by Lorenzo and Bianca, his granddaughter. While Pikachu plays with Latias and Latios, Lorenzo shows Ash the Soul Dew, unaware that Annie and Oakleys drone has infiltrated the sanctuary. That night, Annie and Oakley sneak into the garden, successfully capturing Latios and the Soul Dew, but Latias escapes. Bianca and Lorenzo attempt to stop the thieves from using the D.M.A. but are captured, the Soul Dew and Latios are used to power the machine. Latias goes to Ash for help, with Latios Sight Sharing ability allowing them to witness the events in the museum. Oakley becomes power hungry, using the D.M.A. to resurrect Kabutops and Aerodactyl, and initiates a citywide lockdown to prevent interference. Ash, Pikachu and Latias evade the lockdown, racing to the museum while being pursued by the fossilised Pokmon. Oakley tries to drown Ash, Pikachu and Latias, but the latters psychic powers cause the D.M.A. to go out of control. Reaching the museum, the trio rescue Latios and shut down the machine. However, Annie tries to take the blackened Soul Dew, which shatters, causing all of the citys water to flow out and return as a tidal wave. Latias and Latios combine their powers to stop the wave, Latios giving his life in the process. Kabutops and Aerodactyl perish again, while Annie and Oakley remain trapped in the D.M.A.. Ash and friends find Latias, realising Latios has died, but they share one last vision as he passes away. Several days later, Ash, Misty and Brock get ready to leave Alto Mare, saying goodbye to Lorenzo, but Bianca does not appear. On their way out of the city, they spot Bianca on the docks but she isn't wearing her hat. The girl gives Ash a sketch of him and Pikachu, kisses him on the cheek, and leaves without saying a word. Whether the girl was Bianca or Latias is left to the viewer.
In a country called "Diamond Domain" lies the powerful Heart Diamond. The Heart Diamond served as the kingdom's source of energy. It also maintained the Ore Country for centuries. Many Carbink live in the Diamond Domain. This includes their princess known as the Jewel Pokmon named Diancie. She created the Heart Diamond. But unfortunately, she has no power to control the Heart Diamond, because her power weakens. The country is falling into chaos as a result of her losing control of the Heart Diamond. Diancie had to search for help for her country. One day, she meets with Ash and his friends. Diancie asks them to go on a journey to find the Life Pokmon named Xerneas in order to restore the Heart Diamond. Standing in their way is the Pokmon known as the Cocoon of Destruction named Yveltal who once stole all of the life in the Kalos Region and turned everything to stone. During their journey, they are attacked by Team Rocket and the jewel thieves named Marilyn Flame and Ninja Riot. Diancie, Ash and his friends are aided by Millis Steel and her father named Argus. She and Argus are the thieves that they want to use Diancie's power. They also encounter Yveltal as well. But Diancie finally regain her power and restore the Heart Diamond and Xerneas restored the country to life and became a tree to protect the balance of nature. Diance keeps the pink diamond as symbol of friendship with Ash and his friends in the end.
The Genesect Army comes to a mountainous, snowy area that used to be their home. However, three hundred million years have passed, and it is no longer habitable. Suddenly, an avalanche occurs, but Mewtwo arrives and manages to save four of the five Genesect. Mewtwo peers into the mind of the Douse Drive Genesect and learns what they are looking for: their home. The Red Genesect, whom Mewtwo was unable to save, then appears and attacks Mewtwo, and the Genesect Army flies off. Later, they see the skyline of a large city and mistake it for their home, leading them to travel there. Ash, Cilan, and Iris arrive in New Tork City, where their guide, Eric, allows them to visit Pokmon Hills, a nature park, before it opens to the public. While there, Ash finds and quickly befriends the Douse Drive Genesect. The Red Genesect and Shock Drive Genesect appear and think that Ash is hurting the Douse Drive Genesect, causing them to attack him; the Red Genesect forces the Douse Drive Genesect to attack Ash as well. Mewtwo shows up and protects Ash and his friends from the Genesect, causing them to leave. That night, the Genesect begin taking over the center of Pokmon Hills, driving out the other Pokmon and building a giant cocoon. The cocoon threatens the city's power supply, so Ash, Iris, and Eric go underground to try to fix the problem. Unsuccessful, they then enter the center of Pokmon Hills from below, where the Douse Drive Genesect apologizes for attacking Ash earlier, making Ash think that it is unable to disobey the Red Genesect. Iris realizes that the cocoon is the Genesect Army's nest and that the Genesect are trying to turn Pokmon Hills into their new home. A Feraligatr native to Pokmon Hills starts attacking the nest and the Red Genesect but is knocked off a ledge. Mewtwo, having been told about the Genesect's Army rampage, appears and saves Feraligatr. Mewtwo tells the Red Genesect not to hurt the other Pokmon, but it refuses to listen, and the two embark on a high-speed chase around New Tork City. Meanwhile, the Pokmon native to Pokmon Hills fight the Burn Drive, Chill Drive, and Shock Drive Genesect and begin to overwhelm them. The Red Genesect then returns to protect them. The Douse Drive Genesect sacrifices itself for Ash by taking an attack from the other Genesect, causing it to collapse. Mewtwo fights the four remaining Genesect and gains the upper hand. However, in the process the nest is set on fire. The Douse Drive Genesect wakes up and tries to put the fire out. Ash summons his Oshawott to try to put out the fire. All the other Pokmon start helping too, even going so far as to save the Burn Drive, Chill Drive, and Shock Drive Genesect from the flames. The Douse Drive Genesect is hit by a large plume of fire and falls into a pool of water. The other three Genesect realize that the other Pokmon are not their enemies and save Ash from a falling beam. Mewtwo, still fighting the Red Genesect, is hit by an attack and falls, only to be saved by Ash. Mewtwo and the Red Genesect prepare to resume their fight, but Ash runs between them and tells them to stop. The other four Genesect then move in front of Ash and beg their leader to cease attacking. The Red Genesect claims that they are all its enemies and fires an attack, but Mewtwo blocks it and uses Psychic to take it into space. In awe of Earth's beauty, the Red Genesect realizes that all people and Pokmon are friends. Unable to survive there, Mewtwo and the Red Genesect begin falling. Ash's Charizard and Iris' Dragonite attempt to save them with no success, but the other Genesect, Oshawott, and the wild Pokmon manage to catch them with a giant ball of water. Ash realizes that the perfect place for the Genesect to live is Absentia National Park, the only place where their beloved Panna Lotuses still grow naturally. Ash, Iris, Cilan, and Eric take the Genesect there, where they start building another nest. Mewtwo thanks Ash for helping the Genesect find a home and tells him it will always be grateful that they met. It then Mega Evolves into Mewtwo Y and flies off.
Around one hundred years ago, in a desert town that would become Dahara City the Pokmon Hoopa Unbound appears boasting how strong it is. It summons Kyogre and Groudon from its interdimensional rings. Hoopa Unbound battles them back and impresses the townspeople. Hoopa Unbound asks the townspeople if they were surprised. When Hoopa Unbound appears again, he summons Reshiram, Zekrom, and Regigigas. The battle between all the Legendary Pokmon begins to destroy the town. The townspeople cry out to stop, but Hoopa Unbound is determined to show off his power. Suddenly, a man appears with an Arceus necklace around his neck. The man holds an item called the Prison Bottle. Hoopa Unbound is sucked into the bottle. The man saves the town and halts Hoopa Unbound's rampage. Years later, Baraz is searching for the Prison Bottle in Arche Valley. In a cave, after using Solrock's flash to see, he discovers the bottle. He is delighted and grabs the bottle. However, Baraz gets possessed by the dark power within. Meanwhile, Ash Ketchum and his friends Pikachu, Serena, Clemont, and Bonnie are relaxing at a Pokmon Center near Dahara City. Ash and Bonnie swim. Clemont works on an invention. Serena brings out donuts for everyone. While they enjoy the donuts, they begin to disappear into Hoopa's portals. Ash finally spots the arm reaching out in time to grab hold. Ash and Pikachu are pulled through Hoopa's portal. They find themselves on the other side of Dahara City with Hoopa. Hoopa asks if they were surprised. Ash says that he is very surprised. Wanting to delight Ash even more, Hoopa names Ash Ashkan and Pikachu Pikan. Hoopa opens two portals, where hundreds of Pikachu come through. This includes a full set of cosplay Pikachu. Ash is startled to see so many Pikachu. When Hoopa quizzes him on which one is his own, Ash finds Pikachu within a single moment. Hoopa seems let down that Ash did not have a harder time. Meray appears, and tells Hoopa to return all the Pikachu it "borrowed". Pikachu gets up on the railing to command all the other Pikachu to return, which they do, impressing Hoopa. Meray introduces herself as one of the caretakers of Hoopa. Ash then drags Clemont, Bonnie, Serena and all their stuff through the rings. They decided to visit the tower and thought it would be easy to go through the rings to get there. However, only Hoopa is unable to pass through its own rings. They decide to walk instead of passing through Hoopa's rings. Baraz arrives on his Braviary and instantly opens the Prison Bottle. The darkness envelops Hoopa, who transforms into Hoopa Unbound. Baraz returns to normal, and both he and Meray are very happy to see that Hoopa Unbound got its power back. But Hoopa Unbound instantly begins to smash things, its tail destroys a doughnut shop, and it throws a piece of a building at the heroes. Pikachu counters with Thunderbolt destroying the piece and accidentally blasting Team Rocket off again as they were plotting to steal the bottle. They get Hoopa Unbound's power back into the bottle. Ash and his friends quickly learn that by touching it, they will be possessed by the evil power within the bottle. Clemont happily shows off his new invention. It is a device that can hold the bottle up with electric waves. The device carries it in his Aipom arm, which prevents anyone from touching it. Hoopa is absolutely terrified of the bottle and the power inside of it by shaking and whimpering. They sit down to eat. Baraz explains Hoopa's story. One hundred years ago today, Hoopa Unbound began to appear in the town. Hoopa Unbound ate the food and caused problems. The townspeople came to love it when he would battle Pokmon to entertain them. Hoopa Unbound made the townspeople very happy. It also brought much gold. Dahara City grew from a tiny village to a great city. Only when it began to summon more powerful legendary Pokmon and grew more obsessed with showing off its power even if it destroys the town, the townspeople had to do something to stop it. The man who stopped Hoopa was Meray and Baraz's great grandfather. They show off their Arceus necklaces, and Ash thinks he recognizes them. Clemont explains Arceus is the one who is said to have created all things. Meray and Baraz explain how their family is connected to Arceus' power. They tell how their great grandfather could use it to control Hoopa, who would throw great tantrums screaming for him to give back its power. Meray and Baraz grew up with Hoopa like siblings, getting into mischief and playing together, even healing Hoopa when it grew very sick when taken to Arche Valley. It is clear that they love Hoopa as family. They taught it many things about helping others and getting along with people. Their great grandfather accepted Hoopa as family. Team Rocket appears in their balloon, thinking the Prison Bottle will up their Pokmon. The instant Meowth takes hold of it, though, he becomes possessed, and opens the bottle to unleash Hoopa Unbound's power. Hoopa fights the power, too afraid of vanishing if they become once again, and is able to keep it at bay, but Hoopa Unbound then develops as a separate Pokmon. In the struggles, the Prison Bottle explodes. Hoopa summons Lugia to fight Hoopa Unbound after Team Rocket is blasted off and Baraz's Braviary is defeated. Lugia distracts Hoopa Unbound as they make their escape. Meray and Baraz know that they can make a new bottle at the tower with the power of earth, fire, and water. They decided to use Serena's Braixen, Ash's Frogadier, and using a ring, Bonnie goes to the desert to ask for a Hippopotas' help, and bring it along. Ash stays with Hoopa while the rest head over to the tower to make a new bottle. While hiding from Hoopa Unbound, who is still fighting Lugia, Ash and Hoopa begin to talk. Hoopa promises that once strong enough, it will make any of Ash's wishes come true. Ash says that his wish is to become a Pokmon Master and Hoopa says that it will make it happen. Ash refuses, though, saying that is a dream he plans to attain by himself. Hoopa is absolutely shocked that Ash plans to attain his own dream without using any rings or magic wishes. Ash talks to Hoopa about how this Hoopa Unbound seems to be a shadow of Hoopa, and it needs to learn to make with itself to solve this crisis. Hoopa Unbound appears in a ring and searches for them with its giant hand. Right when they were about to be caught, Lugia appears and carries them away on its back. Hoopa Unbound tricks Lugia into flying into a ring and sends it back to its ocean home. Ash and Hoopa are powerless. Hoopa summons Latias, Latios, and a shiny Rayquaza. Ash, Hoopa, and Pikachu ride on Latias and Latios, while Rayquaza helps to battle Hoopa Unbound. Ash commands the Pokmon to attack, but Hoopa Unbound summons Primal Groudon, Primal Kyogre, Dialga, Palkia, Giratina, and Kyurem. At the tower, the others are hard at work making a new Prison Bottle, using the powers of fire, earth, and water. Clemont commands Frogadier, Bonnie commands Hippopotas, and Serena commands her Braixen, while Meray and Baraz use their powers. The bottle begins to form. When the six legendary Pokmon summoned by Hoopa Unbound begin to attack, Latias, Latios, and Rayquaza all Mega Evolve. Kyurem becomes Black Kyurem and then White Kyurem as the all out brawl continues over the city. Mega Rayquaza creates a twister around Dahara Tower to protect it. The others reforge the Prison Bottle. However, Hoopa Unbound and the legendaries break through the twister. The bottle is made again, but Baraz drops it. Ash catches it but gets possessed by the evil within. Shadow Ash plans to destroy Hoopa, but Hoopa tries to cleanse him with his happy memories. Ash returns to normal and realizes that the evil is gone. All the legendary Pokmon roar. Hoopa states that they were surprised. However, due to too many legendary Pokmon being summoned, a void warp was formed around the tower. All the legendary Pokmon could not stop it. Hoopa transforms into Hoopa Unbound and lets everyone escape. At the end, Meray and Ash leave with only Baraz and Hoopa left. Baraz and Meray try to help Hoopa escape. Arceus temporarily slows down the void warp. Hoopa remembers the words of the traveler who happens to be Baraz and Meray's great grandfather and considers Baraz and Meray family. Hoopa decides to stay with them. Hoopa finally manages to go through the ring with Baraz at the last second. At the end, the void warp leaves a decimated tower and city. Arceus leaves through the clouds. All the other legendary Pokmon return to their homes. At the end, Clemont suggests going back to Arche Valley. Hoopa declines and says that he has unfinished business. Hoopa wishes Ash the best on becoming a Pokmon Mister. In the credits, Hoopa Unbound is shown rebuilding the city by helping the construction workers with his strength and his rings.
The film opens in the Ozarks where a distraught Pollyanna is comforting her father the Reverend John Whittier as he dies. After his death Pollyanna is sent to live on a New England plantation with her Victorian Aunt Polly. Aunt Polly is cold and uncaring to Pollyanna: not picking her up at the station, giving her a sparse room in the attic, and scolding at her every chance she gets. As the days pass Pollyanna's antics amuse the servants, but not Aunt Polly. One day while playing on the plantation, Pollyanna gets in trouble with a servant woman and runs to hide in a haystack. There she meets Jimmy Bean, an orphan her age. Taking pity on him, Pollyanna is certain eventually Aunt Polly will let him live with them. So she hides him in the cellar. One day Aunt Polly insists in going in the cellar despite Pollyanna's pleas for fear Jimmy will be discovered. Jimmy is asleep and Pollyanna believes they're in the clear; until Jimmy starts shouting in his sleep, having a bad dream about turnips chasing and trying to eat him. Pollyanna is amused but Aunt Polly is not. After some pleading, Aunt Polly relents and tells Pollyanna to bring some good quilts for Jimmy. One day, as Jimmy and Pollyanna play with the other children, they decide to try and steal some apples from a tree belonging to John Pendleton. John catches Pollyanna in the act, but forgives her, realizing she is the exact image of her mother, a woman he once loved deeply, but who left him to marry the man who eventually became Pollyanna's father. He tells Pollyanna this as he shows her a painting of her mother. Meanwhile Jimmy fights his way in, fearing that Pollyanna is in danger. He tries to defend her but finds that everything is normal. As Pollyanna settles in she seems to bring optimism to those she meets. She is insistent on playing a game her father taught her called 'The Glad Game', where one counts the things they are glad for. She visits an old shut-in who is supposedly grateful for nothing. Pollyanna brings along an old blind and deaf friend who plays the accordion. Upon discovering the woman is blind and deaf, the shut-in proclaims her gratitude for still having her sight and hearing. One day after a fight with Jimmy in which he 'wishes she would die', Pollyanna heads into town. She notices a little girl playing in the middle of the road, oblivious to a car coming. Pollyanna leaps in front of the car, throwing the girl to safety, but in the process is hit herself. Jimmy and John both take her back to her Aunt's place. Aunt Polly becomes frantic and places her in her own lavish bedroom. Realizing the error of her ways, Aunt Polly declares how attached to Pollyanna she is; even giving her a kiss on the forehead, much to Pollyanna's delight. Realizing they could have lost the little girl forever, many succumb to her wishes for them to be happy. John promises to adopt Jimmy the next day. Aunt Polly refuses to call Dr. Tom,, who broke her heart years before. Pollyanna pleads to send for him but she refuses, bringing in another doctor. After several days, they discover Pollyanna is paralyzed from the waist down. Pollyanna becomes distraught; however Jimmy comforts her, insisting she play the Glad Game. Months pass and Pollyanna begins to use a wheelchair. One evening with Aunt Polly, she pleads one last time for her to send for Dr. Tom and Aunt Polly finally relents. With the help of Dr. Tom, Pollyanna is eventually able to walk again. With the success of her walking comes the realization of her wishes. Aunt Polly reunites romantically with Dr. Tom; and Jimmy is happily living with John. One day she asks for Jimmy and he comes to wheel her around the garden. He gives Pollyanna a ring and promptly runs off out of fear, not realizing Pollyanna is able to walk. She is excited at the ring and happily runs after him.
Pollyanna is the 12-year-old orphaned daughter of missionaries who arrives in the fictional small town of Harrington to live with her rich and strict aunt, Polly Harrington, in the 1900s. Pollyanna is a very cheerful, talkative and radically optimistic youngster who focuses on the goodness of life and always finds something to be glad about, no matter the situation. In doing so, Pollyanna's positive outlook on everything results in her making a wide variety of friends in the community, including the hypochondriac and grouchy Mrs. Snow and the acidic recluse Mr. Pendergast. Aunt Polly's wealth controls most of the town, and, when most of the Harrington citizens want a derelict orphanage razed and rebuilt, Aunt Polly opposes the idea, arguing that her father donated the building to the town, and that it is an important landmark. The townspeople defy her by planning a carnival to raise funds for a new structure. However, because of the control Aunt Polly asserts over every facet of the town, many people feel reluctant to show their support. Aunt Polly becomes furious about their audacity, and she forbids Pollyanna to participate. A group of citizens led by Dr. Edmond Chilton, Aunt Polly's ex-boyfriend, tries to persuade the town's minister, Rev. Ford, to publicly declare his support for the bazaar by reminding him that "nobody owns a church." Rev. Ford is reminded of the truth of that statement talking to Pollyanna, who delivers a note from Aunt Polly with recommendations to his sermon content. At church the following Sunday, having gained the gumption to defy Aunt Polly, Rev. Ford declares his support for the bazaar and encourages all to attend. On the evening of the carnival, Pollyanna is locked in her attic bedroom by Aunt Polly, but is "rescued" by playmate Jimmy Bean, who reminds her that she will lead "America, The Beautiful" at the high point of the event. With Jimmy's help, she slips away and has a wonderful time at the carnival. After returning home, she avoids Aunt Polly by climbing a tree to her attic bedroom. When she reaches her bedroom window, she loses her new doll, which falls to the ground. Pollyanna slips and falls unconscious. Aunt Polly comes out with the maids and only then she feels guilt for what she has done. Pollyanna learns about being paralyzed and unable to use her legs again. As a result, she develops severe depression and jeopardizing her chance of recovery thinking that her aunt never loved her. Upon learning how her own behavior has isolated her from the town and Pollyanna, Aunt Polly continues to feel guilt. While talking to Dr. Chilton, she admits that her niece needed her love and the town wanted Polly's friendship. She refused to give any to them and blames herself for the accident. Dr. Chilton tells Aunt Polly that they can give Pollyanna the love together and help mend the isolation she put on the townsfolk. When the townspeople learn of Pollyanna's accident, they arrive at Aunt Polly's house with outpourings of love. Dr. Chilton carries the reluctant girl downstairs, where, one by one, the neighbors wish her health. Pollyanna's spirit gradually returns to its usual hopefulness and love of life. She also learns that Jimmy had been adopted by Mr. Pendergast and that Nancy and her fianc are engaged. Pollyanna turns to her aunt who embraces her. She leaves Harrington with Aunt Polly and Dr. Chilton for an operation in Baltimore, which, it is hoped, will correct her injury.
Winnie the Pooh and his friends hear a strange noise and find a set of large, circular footprints in the Hundred Acre Wood. During the night, Tigger's house is damaged by what appears to be an earthquake. The friends believe that there is a heffalump in the woods. Rabbit organizes an expedition to go try to catch it. Roo wants to come along, but the others tell him he is too young and small to go. Despite this, Roo slips out on his own in search of the heffalump. He finds one; a playful young creature named Heffridge Trumpler Brompet Heffalump IV - "Lumpy" for short. Roo is afraid of his captive at first, but the two quickly become friends and play. After a while, Lumpy hears his mother calling for him to come home. Roo wants Lumpy to meet all of his friends first, and they head towards the Hundred Acre Wood. Lumpy hesitates, thinking that the "creatures" that live there are scary, but Roo reassures him. The Hundred Acre Wood is deserted, as everyone else is still out searching for the heffalump. Roo and Lumpy continue playing, making a mess of Pooh's house and Rabbit's garden. The two friends hear Lumpy's mother calling him again. They search for Lumpy's mother, but she is nowhere to be seen. Lumpy uses his trunk to call to her, but it doesn't work. After hours of searching, Lumpy assumes that they will never find her, and starts to cry. Roo consoles Lumpy with a song he learned from Kanga. Then, Roo gets an idea: they could go find his mother, and see if she can help Lumpy. Meanwhile, the others return home to find Pooh's house and Rabbit's garden a mess. They conclude that the heffalump has invaded. When Lumpy and Roo are discovered, Rabbit thinks that Lumpy has captured Roo. He and the others chase Lumpy through the heffalump traps they set up earlier in the film. Lumpy evades the traps, but Roo gets caught in the last one as Lumpy escapes into the woods. Roo frees himself from the trap, and runs to find Lumpy stuck in a giant cage. Lumpy is upset and hurt, thinking Roo has lied to him about the inhabitants of the Hundred Acre Wood being friendly. Roo tries to free Lumpy and apologizes for everything. Finally, Roo notices a rope at the top of the cage. He climbs up and unties it, freeing a very grateful Lumpy. Kanga, watching the two interact from behind a nearby tree, realizes that the heffalump is her son's friend. Rabbit, Pooh, Tigger, and Piglet arrive and lasso Lumpy. Roo yells at them to stop. Kanga tells Rabbit to have Roo explain himself. He tells the others that Heffalumps aren't scary or mean. While Roo is explaining this, Lumpy stumbles and accidentally knocks Roo into a pile of giant, heavy logs forming a makeshift bridge over a ditch. Lumpy and Roo's other friends try to rescue Roo, but the logs are too heavy. Lumpy gets an idea, and tries call to his mother. After a few tries, he finally gets it right. Lumpy's mother comes and tosses the logs aside, freeing Roo. Lumpy's mother is very proud that he has learned how to call out to her. Roo's other friends realize that the "monster" they were all afraid of was just a mother looking for her baby. They apologize and befriend Lumpy and his mother. Roo and Lumpy get a little more time to play together before Lumpy has to go home.
Popeye is on a quest to find his missing father Poopdeck Pappy. Popeye is dogged by nightmares warning him that his Pappy, who abandoned him as a child, is in danger and needs him, so he bravely sets out on the open sea to find his long-lost father. Accompanied by the admiring Olive Oyl, the brawny Bluto, and little Swee'Pea, he heads for the Sea of Mystery, which happens to be in the evil Sea Hags domain. Strange things begin to happen along the way, as the group encounters sirens, serpents, and menacing mists.
Whopper is taking his niece and nephew to the museum. Along the way, he tells them the origin of Puppy Power, the ability of humankind to understand the Pound Puppies and Purries. In the Dark Ages, a young boy named Arthur and his dog Digalot came across a stone which contained both the mythical sword Excalibur and the magical Bone of Scone. While Arthur pulled the sword from the stone, Arthurs dog Digalot pulled the Bone of Scone from the same stone, and soon afterward Arthur discovered that the dog could talk. Sir McNasty, who had witnessed the withdrawal of Excalibur and the Bone and Arthur's coronation as King of England, planned to conquer the world by retrieving the Bone. However, it was kept hidden by the giant guardian, Big Paw. Later in 1958 the Bone of Scone is in a museum in an unnamed American city. Tammy and Jeff are the owners of the pound and hold a press conference and announce that the pound will be holding an adoption bazaar. A descendant of the original McNasty shows up and states he wishes to adopt the puppies. Tammy and Jeff inform him that he has to sign adoption papers. The pup finds out what McNasty is going to do with the four puppies. With his Mean Machine, McNasty will transform them and the rest of the Pound into vicious guard dogs, steal the Bone of Scone from the museum, and use its power and his army of dogs to conquer the world. Soon, Collette and Whopper escape from their cage inside McNasty's laboratory, and briefly reunite with the rest of the Puppies. However, Lumpy and Bones snatch them back. The Puppies give chase, but nearly all of them end up in a rat-infested cave, hanging on a rope, before the Purries pull them up to safety. The Puppies and Purries continue looking for their friends. When they get caught in a patch of mire, they are saved by the legendary Big Paw, who agrees to find the Bone with them. Later, McNasty's henchmen transform the Puppies into guard dogs, save for Cooler. Big Paw brings him and the Purries back to town to stop the evil trio, as the trio's truck heads to the Pound. Big Paw and Cooler chase McNasty and his henchmen all over town and eventually back to the museum and their Mean Machine, which turns them into good men. Big Paw and Nose Marie finally get back the Bone of Scone. Whopper and his niece and nephew Puplings find themselves in the museum. The Bone of Scone has returned for another visit, and Whopper introduces Big Paw as a little surprise for the young ones, who did not believe before that he was real. As long as he is here to protect the Bone, Whopper says, Puppy Power will never be lost again.
Jimmy gets kicked out of the school band for tripping and breaking a drum kit. He then ventures on a journey with his newly magical talking flute Freddy. Orchestrated by Witchiepoo,, he ends up on an evil boat which takes him to Living Island, an island where everything is alive. Once there, he befriends many of the island's inhabitants led by Mayor H.R. Pufnstuf, but the evil Witchiepoo is determined to steal Freddy the Flute away from him in order to impress the visiting Witches' Council and the Boss Witch enough to win the Witch of the Year Award. The witch steals the flute by disguising herself as a pretty dance instructor. Jimmy and his new friends get the flute back by having Gopher dig a tunnel to Witchiepoo's castle and faking a fire. Witchiepoo retaliates by bombing and destroying Pufnstuf's town. During the bombing she is blown away by a cowboy head which destroys her flying vehicle. Jimmy feels bad for endangering the Living Island inhabitants and decides to leave with his flute without telling them, to keep them from further danger. Witchiepoo returns to Pufnstuf's town and shrinks all the inhabitants to put them in her castle dungeon as prisoners. Jimmy finds this out and decides to try and save them. Witchiepoo invites the Witches' Council for a convention and prepares Pufnstuf to be the main meal. Jimmy disguises himself as a witch to enter with the other witches. Jimmy gets found out while trying to save Pufnstuf and is put in the dungeon with the others. Mole digs into the dungeon to save them, all except Pufnstuf who will soon be cooked. Once back at the town they plan a rescue. A book tells them the only thing that scares witches is a good fairy angel. They all dress up as white good fairy angels, raid the castle, scare off the Witches Council, and save Pufnstuf. Once they are gone Witchiepoo is the only witch to find out they were faking, she flies to try and catch up and tell the other witches. Enroute, her minion sees the good guys at the town; she orders him to use her doomsday bomb on them but also says to take the wheel. Her minion accidentally drops the bomb inside the vehicle while taking the wheel, blowing themselves up in a large explosion. The film ends with a musical number and Pufnstuf saying, 'when good friend's pull together, they can do anything'.
Puss in Boots is a talking cat named for his signature pair of boots. Puss is a fugitive on the run from the law, looking to restore his lost honor. He learns that the outlaw couple Jack and Jill have the magic beans he's been looking for most of his life, which can lead him to a giant's castle holding valuable golden goose eggs. When Puss tries to steal them from the outlaws' room, a female cat named Kitty Softpaws interrupts, and both fail. Kitty is allied with Humpty Alexander Dumpty, a talking egg and Puss' long-estranged childhood friend from the orphanage where he was raised. Puss tells Kitty his origin story and of his feelings of betrayal for a youthful misadventure when Humpty tricked Puss into helping commit a bank robbery in his hometown of San Ricardo; Puss has been on the run ever since. Humpty eventually convinces Puss to join them in finding the beans and retrieving the golden eggs. The trio steal the beans from Jack and Jill and plant them in the desert. Puss and Kitty's relationship becomes romantic. The trio ride the beanstalk into the clouds to find the castle of the late giant, while avoiding the Great Terror, a giant goose that guards the Golden Goose. When they realize the golden eggs are too heavy to carry, they steal the Goose, which is just a gosling, and escape the castle. While celebrating their victory, the group is ambushed by Jack and Jill, who knock Puss unconscious. When Puss wakes up, he tracks Jack and Jill to San Ricardo where he learns the entire heist was a plot by Humpty to lure him home to be arrested, as revenge for abandoning him to the authorities when Humpty's youthful heist went bad. Jack, Jill, and Kitty were involved in the con. After pleas from Imelda, his adoptive mother, Puss turns himself in to the guards while Humpty donates many golden eggs to the town and becomes a hero. While in prison, Puss meets the original Jack from "Jack and the Beanstalk" who warns him that the Great Terror is in fact the Goose's mother, and it will stop at nothing to get its child back. Realizing Humpty intended to destroy the town all along, Puss lets a repentant Kitty help him break out of prison and she also tells him she loves him. Tracking him down just as the Great Terror arrives, Puss convinces Humpty to help him fight off the Great Terror, saying he knows Humpty is a good person at heart. Using the Goose as bait, Puss and Humpty lure the Great Terror out of the town. During the chase, Jack and Jill betray Humpty and try to take the Goose, but get crushed by the Great Terror. Humpty and the Goose are knocked off a bridge with Puss holding onto them. Humpty knows Puss cannot hold both of them, so he lets go, sacrificing himself to save the Goose and the town. Humpty's shell cracks open to reveal he was a golden egg on the inside. The Great Terror then takes the Goose and Humpty back to the giant's castle. Puss' efforts to save San Ricardo make him a hero among the townspeople and Imelda. In the epilogue, Jack and Jill are recovering from their injuries, Humpty is shown once again in his regular egg form, wearing a golden egg suit, as he rides the Great Terror into the clouds, and Puss and Kitty kiss.
